Mar-O2-98 4:47 From #2023470508 T9535 P.D3/07 | F=B44
Wacntert, LIPTON, ROSEN & Karz

The Honorable John F. Kerry
‘The Honorable Richard 8. Bryan
‘February 27, 1398

Page 2

discuss the important economic and legal reasons why the civil
liability provisions were incorporated in the dune 20 agreement.

Some reporters attended the briefing in person, others
joined via a telephone hook-up. The briefing was tape recorded.
During the session, David Rosenbaum of The New York fimes asked
me the following question:

“It sounds to me as if what you're saying is, if you
don’t get protection from lawsuirs, then you’ re going
to return to having carteon characters in ads and
celebrities, and continue to have billboard ads, and
you're going to do all things that you’ve said in the
settlement, you’ve agreed in the settlement net to do.
is that a correct interpretation?”

After repeating the question for reporters who were
participating by telephone, I answered:

“There are certainly going to be some things that the
industry will continue deing that critics of the
industry would not é€ te have going on. can’t tell
you what they will be. And each company is going te

have to reach that decision individually. (Emphasis
added. }

As is plain from the relevant excerpt of the transcript
twhich I enclose}, I did net discuss any specific advertising or
marketing practices the industry might continue if there is no
legis d tobacco settlement. None of the companies is
currently using cartoon advertising and I spoke only ef the

. industry continuing to do some of the things it is currentiy
doing.

it was the USA Today reporter who inferred, incorrectly
and unfairly, that I had cited cartoon characters. It was
therefore wrong for USA Today to claim that I had opened the
‘possibility of a return to the use of cartoon characters. I
would further note thar none of the other reporters who altended
the briefing wrote about the alleged “warning” that USA Today
cited.

I hope you will agree that more important than this
misunderstanding by one newspaper about my remarks was the
testimony Tuesday by the tobacco company chief executive officers
that they would not use cartcen characters in the future.

