1875 1 STREET. NORTHWEST “ . > .. WILLIAM D. TOOHEY, JR.
‘WASHINGTON. DC 20008 -' —-’, . . Director of Media Relations
00/424-9876 202/457-4858

- ‘THE TOBACCO INSTITUTE -

202/457-1800 «

‘

-New York Times (coee stow
229 West. 43rd Street
New York, New York 10036

‘Dear Mr. i ae

.On January 16, the Times reported on a study by a Japanese ©

Scientist, Takeshi Hirayama, who claimed that wives of heavy °.

‘smokers had a higher risk of dying from lung cancer because
“of their husband's smoking. : That news report, based on an
‘article recently published in the British Medical Journal, |

was followed by a January 21 editorial, "Smoking Your Wife -.
— to Death yes eeong geo a ; So ae

ng rf

_. Unfortunately, it appears neither your reporter, nor editorial |
“writer, took the time to carefully analyze the report. «=. —
Serious questions can be raised about: Hirayama's analysis of

“his own data. For example, in his study, he placed both non-.
smokers and occasional smokers in the same group. -He also we
“grouped ex-smokers with daily smokers of up to 19 cigarettes. = |
If the apparent purpose of the study was to compare wives expose
to their husbands' smoking with those not exposed, why did he
mix the groups? egy re res

_ Although the husbands' smoking habits were considered, the Hirayama
Study made no attempt to-determine the times, if any, when the .,
_husbands smoked with their wives present. Such information is
critical for a scientific discussion of the wives! exposure to
their husbands' tobacco smoke. __ ee ae

The validity of the Hirayama data is also open to challenge. The ‘|
Study relied on death certificates for "cause of death" information,

although it is a well-established fact that lung cancer is often = ~.
misdiagnosed on death certificates. Apparently, no attempt was
made to verify the death certificate information. 03021035... oot,

Nor is there any indication that Hirayama considered any "unusual"
environmental exposures which may affect lung cancer rates.

