COVINGTON & BURLING

Chemical Research and
Development Corporation

Page Three

August 1, 1967

4. The Chemical Research and Development
Corporation, Dr. Hudson, and all others having any
rights in the "Chemosol” composition or process, will
undertake to make available to any cigarette manufac-
turing company so requesting, upon mutually agreeable
terms, whatever rights, if any, they have in that com-
position or process, and will further undertake to
accord to each applying cigarette manufacturer terms
and conditions as favorable as those previously given
or thereafter given to any other cigarette company,
whether or not a participant in the program here pro-
posed.

5. This program envisages and it is to be
understood that the Chemical Research and Development
Corporation and Dr. Hudson will be entering into the
proposed program voluntarily and that no confidential
relation is to be established by the program between
the Chemical Research and Development Corporation, Dr
Hudson, or anyone associated with them, and any parti-
cipating cigarette manufacturing company. No compen-
sation is to be paid to anyone other than to the
Hazleton Laboratories in accordance with the contract
to be entered into with that testing organization.

If any cigarette manufacturing company determines not
to make any application for the "Chemosol" composition
development, then the rights, if any, of the Chemical
Research and Development Corporation, Dr. Hudson, or
any other person owning any rights in such development,
shall depend entirely upon the validity and scope of
any patent claim obtained in an issued United States
patent, or upon any other lawful rights any such per-
son may now possess. The proposed program shall neither
increase nor diminish any existing lawful right of any
party. The Hazleton Laboratories are to be authorized
to furnish to each of the participating cigarette manu-
facturing companies the results of the testing program,
other than confidential data as to the composition of
the "Chemosol” fuel additive.

