[nx Councn. For Topacco Resuarcn -U. 6.

Dr. T. C. Tso
U, S, Department of Agriculture. -26 October 14, 1964

Such studies have, indeed, long been conducted by the U. 8. Department
of Agriculture and many state experiment stations.

Tn its own program of yvesearch, the Council is mainly
piclogically oriented. ‘Its approach, in general, is first to study the
effects of whole, normal cigarette smoke, in as nearly as possible the
condition in which human smokers encounter it, on yarious biological
systems. Second, when effects are found that may be potentislly
related to health or disease, the plan js to evaluate such effects in
the totel Physiological economy of the animal and then, finally, to trace
any significant and undesireable effects, if possible, to the specific
ingredients of the smoke thet cause thet. At this point, when and if
reached, we would have a satisfactory basis and incentive for looking
4nto the origins of such a component from the constituents of the tobacco
itself during the, combustion OCEEE «

A& present wo are till. engaged almost wholly in stadies
within the first to of the three phases stated above.

Although our program has many ramificetions, as perusal. of our
Jatest Anmal Report (copy enclosed) will show, we can Rllustrate our
approach further by reference ‘to sta ogenesis.

‘in this area also, we fec se it i tually wnole, normal
cigarette smoke in the form and condition in ¥ it is encountered by
jurans, that really needs to be Lested for any ac
have as a direct contact earcinogen or cocar inogen. Studies of
condensates are fe Ness satisfactory since the opportunity for changes
in chemical composition and physical properties ty oecurs on condensation
and preservation may be very 3 Picant. Where it has seemed necessary
to use such conden sabes £8 a temporary exy defined and
controlled the me as of production and preservation: wi great care
jn order to meke these products at least reproducible.

f large number of ‘Dioassay systeus have been dev
ostily with such condensates, in the hope of producing 4
nod of the kind for whic great ne:

in Lexington. No system hag yet been shor
though one or still look somewhat hopeful.
need to be studied and, where promising, compared with and ev
relation to those already in usc. The Council is vitally interested
in this type of research.

The experience with such assays es have been gindied docs not
support the assumption that polynucica hydrocarbons in cigarette smoke
are playing any significant role in boman lung cancer genesis or indeed

