®@ CONFERENCE AGEN

Following is a listing of the scheduled functions. If there are any revisions or additions to this
program, please advise the hotel as soon as possible in order to secure the appropriate space. If the
Group cancels any of the food and beverage functions scheduled in conjunction with the meeting,
the Group shail pay the one hundred percent (100%) of the estimated function price as determined
by our current banquet menus.

DATE TIMES FUNCTION SETUP PPL RENTAL

To be added as an addendum when determined.

GOLF ARRANGEMENTS ;

We ask that you notify your sales contact in writing with all golf requests as soon as possible as our
18 hole, Donald Ross designed course is in high demand, particularly during weekends. Our Sports
Facilities Manager, Jason Epstein, will be your golf contact and will be in touch directly with you
once you have alerted the sales department of the requested tournament play or individual tee times.
Of course, should the overall meeting arrangements be contingent upon confirmed golf, please
present the specific requirements to your sales contact in a timely fashion in order for us to secure,
your golf prior to finalizing this Letter of Agreement.

MASTER ACCOUNT BILLING

A Master Account has been established for the purpose of posting charges incurred over your
official meeting dates. Please complete the attached Request tor Direct Billing, Return Business
Form. We request that you set aside sufficient time each day to review all charges with a member
of our conference accounting staff. The Biltmore Hotel must receive in writing, a description of
any disputed amounts within fifteen (15) days of receipt of invoice.

Once credit has been established, The Biltmore Hotel's credit policy states that each group provide
a minimum of 75% of the estimated master account prior to arrival. We have established a deposit
schedule listed in the following section to simplify this procedure.

DEPOSIT |

The Biltmore Hotel's credit policy allows 25% of the master account to be billed and collected a
maximum 30 days after receipt of the invoice. The hotel asks that the following payment schedule
apply:

First deposit in the amount of $23750.00 is due on March 31, 1999
Second deposit in the amount of $47500.00 is due on July 1, 1999

PSZ7Sv0802

Approved Lol

