Mr. E. D. Rains
May 19, 1988
Page 2

Traffic Department records, including but not limited to freight bills,
bills of lading, and claims-related files, prior to the date of sale
(April 26) will be shipped to Greensboro for disposition. As I recall,

you felt fairly certain that documents in this area have been destroyed
for all years prior to 1985.

Financial records: All records pertaining to cigarettes April 25, 1988
and prior are the property of Lorillard. We are extremely interested
in those records involving the closing of cigarette production in 1985,
all write-offs, ATF records, payroll records, return goods records,
auditor records, operations analysis records, invoices, profit sharing
records, fixed assets records, invoices, among other financial records
contained at Louisville.

Gene, as you know, we reached the conclusion, and you and I have already
scheduled a date, that it would be best for Jerry Richardson and I to
come to Louisville relative to the financial records, working with you
and Alan Minsterketter to resolve disposition questions in this area.

As you and I discussed by phone, we feel confident that we have the
necessary purchasing records in Greensboro as we have covies of all
purchase orders here. At this time, we do not feel it imperative to
obtain copies of the M&R parts purchase orders prepared in Louisville,
nor do we feel it is necessary to have copies of the contracts negotiated
on a local, branch level by Louisville. For instance, the elevator
service is locally negotiated and we feel, at this juncture, that it is
not necessary to have a copy of that contract; if, in the future, a
liability should accrue to Lorillard in that context, we feel certain
that National would cooperate with us in allowing us to obtain the
appropriate paperwork. If you have any difficulties in this area, please
so advise me during my visit on Monday, May 23.

On May 16, Bernie Head advised that he will forward to your attention
four (4) boxes of Plant Engineering records which represent all the
applicable Engineering records in Greensboro which are National's property.

Regarding R&D, copies of Lorillard's Product Development Department work
will be forwarded as soon as possible to Al Feige.

As advised by Mr. Tedder, I will be the records liaison between Greensboro
and Louisville. As I understand my role, if National requires copies of
information, the appropriate person from National should contact me; if

the reverse is true, I will contact the appropriate individual at

National. I understand the National contact to be: John Todé - Personnel;
Gene Rains - All other areas.

TSSTEG6GLS8

