Mr. T. B. Cartee
Leaf Process Engineering

Re: Test Results on Incinerator Operation
While Burning Vapor from Four Treater
Lines at Building 605-1 During Week
of May 48, 1964

The accompanying table shows that nicotine can be incinerated
satisfactorily et furnace tenperatures above 1790° ¥. with an oxygen
content of 8% in the effluent gas from the incineration process. However,
it eppears that temperatures of 2000° F. are desirable to destroy 99% of
the ammonia fed to the incinerator when all four treater lines ave operated
with a steam flow of 44,000 lbs./hr. Previously, teste at 1900° F. teaper-
ature with only two treater Lines running have shown satisfactory iuciner-
ation of ammonia.

Using the Toxic Air Fan at about 70% of capacity (damper half
closed) appears to supply suffictent air for incineration since a large
amount of air leakage also occurred. However, in order to avoid butterfly
valve leakage it appears necessary to use the damper alacst wide open.
Otherwise there is an odor of ammonia and nicotine in the stack gas. It
ie possible that better distribution of air to the 30" and 48" valves
could reduce the valve leakages but since the tests showed that satis-
factory results could be obtained when using the toxic air fan at full
capacity, no adjustments vere attexpted in the limited time.

During the five-day test with vapor from four treater lines,
gas fuel was used on 3°3/4 days and ofl fuel on 1-1/4 days. Overeall fuel
consumption for the week averaged the equivalent of about 55 gal./hr. while
incinerator was running. Only 30-40 gal. /hr. ofl equivalent was needed
after incinerator reached equilibrium with vapor flow from four treater
lines. Prorating the over-all fuel requirement shows: 3.7 gal. ofl per
1000 lbs. tobacco for the test reported here; approxisately &.8 gal. ofl
per 1000 lbs. tobacco for a month of operation with only two treater lines
but with a much lerger excess of air in the incinerator; and about

10.9 gal. of] per hour per 1000 lbs. tobacco for 1963 when the Thermal

Research incinerator was in use. It fe believed that the fuel requirement
when running only two treaters can be reduced appreciably from the 6.8 gal.
per 1000 ibs. of tobacco by reducing excess air flow to the incinerator.
An appreciable amount of this reduction can be accomplished by removal of
four of the eight tncineretor burners vhich are not needed but which require
a large flow of cooling air at all times. Other sources of uncontrolled
air leakage also need elinination insofar as possible.

