Mr. Christopher J. Ferraro
January 4, 1991
Page 2

and announcements prepared by Promoter that mention PM or
MARLBORO; provided, that the approval is effected on a timely
basis;

{£) 200 general admission tickets and 10 vehicle
passes to the Event;

(g) adequate storage space in Expo Hall with hand cart
or equivalent to transport product and promotional items to
designated locations;

(h) reserved seating to Rodeo events and Entertainment
Hall performances, given advance notice and confirmed attendance;

(i) VIP access to media/corporate sponsor suite.

2. Sponsorship Payment. For the rights and permissions
granted under the Agreement, PM will pay Promoter the sum of
$18,000 on or before January 31, 1991.

3. Term. The term of the Agreement will commence upon its
execution, and continue through the completion of the Event. PM
has the right to renew the Agreement, if the Event is held in
1992, upon written notice delivered to Promoter on or before
November 1, 1991.

4. Exclusivity. Promoter will not enter into sponsorship
agreements with any other manufacturer of cigarette or tobacco
products, nor permit signage, commercial identification or
sampling activities of any other cigarette or tobacco product in
connection with the Event, without the prior written consent of

PM.

5. Independent Contractor. Promoter is and will remain an
independent contractor and nothing in the Agreement will create a

relation of principal and agent or employer and employee between
PM and Promoter or any of its employees.

6. The MARLBORO Name. Promoter will have no right or
interest in the MARLBORO name or the slogans, designs of logo-
types associated with MARLBORO, except the limited right to use
pursuant to the Agreement. All use is subject to the advance
approval of PM described in paragraph 1(e).

7. Ensurancey-~Prior—te—the-commencement oft t,

Promoter will deliver to PM an or e@ of insurance

including specta ility, comprehensive automobile
advertiser' s liability, all with limits of no less

tt—Eor—-personalinjury—andt

& evidencing coverage for compre) General liability,

évereosgoz

