Following is a listing .scheduied functions. If there are any revisions or addi
program, please advise me hotel as soon as possible in order to secure the approp;
Group cancels any of the food and beverage functions scheduled in conjunction wit
the Group shall pay the one hundred percent (100%) of the estimated fimction price as
by our current banquet menus.

DATE TIMES FUNCTION SETUP PPL RENTAL

To be added as an addendum when determined.

GOLF ARRANGEMENTS :

We ask that you notify our sales comiact in writing with all golf requests as soon 25 possible 2s
18 hole, Donald Rass designed course is in high demand, particularly during week:

Facilities Manager, Jason Epsizin, will be vour golf contact and will be in touch &

once you have alerted the sales deparment of the requested toumament play or in

Of couse, should the overali meeting arrangements be contingent upon confimed
present the specific requirements io your sales contact in a timely fashion in order jor us 10
your golf prior to finalivine this Letter of Agreement.

MASTER ACCOUNT BILLING

A Masier Account has Been established for the purpose of posting charges incumed over -+2
official meeting dates. Please complete the attached Request for Direct Billing. Remm B

Form We request that von sei aside sufficient time each day to review all charges with a mem>e-
of our conferences accomming staff The Biltmore Hotel must receive in writing, 2 d
any dispnted amonnis within fificen (15) days of receipt of invoice.

Once credit has been established. The Biltmore Hotel's credit policy states that each group ore
aminimum of 75% of the estimated master account prior to arrival We have established a
schedule listed in the following section io simplify this procedure.

| DEPOSIT

The Biltmore Hotel's c2dit policy allows 25% of the master account to be bi

meximum 30 days after receip: mvoice. The hotel asks that the folio
apply:
First deposit in the amount of $23750.00 is due on March 31, 1999
Second deposit i: the amount of $47500.00 is due on July 1, 1999

Bvzrsros0z

