wt

.

@ | ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE

Check-in time at The Biltmore Hotel is 3:00 PM. Accommodations prior to check-in tim
handled on a space available besis only. We recommend that early check-ins are reser

previous night, im order to avoid 2 long was for rooms.

Check-out time at The Bittmore Hotel is 12:00 PM. Late check-outs requests are handled oz

case-by-case basis. Check-onts between 3:00 PM and 6:00 PM will be charged a half-day rate and
any check-outs afier 6:00 PM will be charged the full night's rate.

ATTRITION, NO SHOWS, AND EARLY DEPARTURES

Between 90 days and 30 davs, 3% of revised room biock may be released. Within 30 days the
group will be responsible for the entire remaining room block. Any further reductions 1
room block, or should the actual number of rooms utilized not reach the revised room b
attrition penalty will be posted to the group master account. The attrition penalty will be
the variance between the ammber of rooms consumed and the revised number of
. commmnicated between the sroup and the respective Conference Services and/or Sales Manager
days prior to arrival. The amition will be calculated on a daily basis and then will be sum:
cumulatively using the contracied sroup rates.

Addttionalty, all reservations that are not honored of are not canceled by 3:00 PM two days ajar te

the scheduled antval date will be charged a full nights room rate using the method us
guarantee the reservation.

Occupied Tooms vacated prior iw the scheduled departure date will be charged a full ni

Tate, mniess our Reservations department or Front Desk has been notified by 3:00 PM two
Prior to the revised departure date.

CANCELLATION

The performance of this egrecmient by either party is subject to acts of God, OF War, govem

gencies that make i it nxdvisable, legal or impossible to provide the Saini
meetng/convention. It is provided that this agreement may be terminated for any one or
such reasons by written notice from one party to the other. It is further provided that there

ere ยง

no tight of termination for the sole purpose of holding the same meeting/conventio:: in so-
city or faciliny.

Tf the organization cancels chis aoreement afier signature, the organization will be
50% of total room revenme (240 ioral room nights) based on a maximum of 480 tori room ni

responsi

Approved

oszersPr0s0d

