SO ae ae ge
MES SEHSTC oss ee essH Ss

PHILIP MORRIS

COMPANIES INC.
120 PARK AVENUE * NEW YORK, NY 10017-5582 « (917) 663-5000
wat

GEOFFREY C. BIBLE
CHAIRMAN AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

November 16, 2001
Dear Shareholder:

Tam writing about an exciting announcement that we are making today. At our next
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in 12002, we will be proposing a change in the
name of our parent corporation, from Philip Morris Companies Inc. to Altria Group, Inc.
This change will require the approval of our shareholders, and you will have the
opportunity to vote on this proposal at next year’s meeting.

I want to take this opportunity to explain directly to you, as a valued shareholder, why we
are proposing a name change, why we believe the timing is appropriate and why we have
selected the name Altria Group, Inc.

The name change is designed to achieve clarity. Currently, Philip Morris is
part of the name of our parent company as well as our two tobacco operating
companies — Philip Morris U.S.A. and Philip Mortis International Inc. Asa
result, people often refer to the wrong company when talking about “Philip
Morris.” We regularly see examples of this in the media and in conversations
with numerous stakeholders. A new name for the parent company should help
clarify our corporate identity, and make it clearer when reference is made to
each of our tobacco operating companies.

This is a good time in the company’s evolution to adopt a new name. The
Nabisco acquisition and the Kraft initial public offering provide the most
recent evidence of our growth and evolution. The acquisition of numerous
global consumer packaged goods brands over the past decade provides an
additional example of how we have changed. We are evolving culturally, too,
as we work diligently on a variety of responsibility initiatives, both at the
corporate level and within each of the operating companies.

The proposed name fits our mission, Altria Group, Inc. — the new parent
company name we will be proposing to you — embraces innovation, growth
and new opportunities. Altria, derived from the Latin word altus, meaning
high, symbolizes for us a company that is already great, but reaching ever
higher. The name was chosen to reflect our aspiration to be a financially
strong global! family of consumer products companies that delivers peak
performance, shareholder value and growth through operational excellence,
consumer brand expertise and a commitment to responsible business practices.

LLLGLSG80E

