PROJECT AGREEMENT

October 21, 1999

Mr. Tip Nunn

Tip Nunn’s Events, Inc.
2801 Youngfield. #210
Golden. Colorado 80401

Shaunn D* Alessandro

Philip Morris Incorporated
120 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Dear Tip:

This project agreement (the “Project Agreement”) is entered into pursuant to the
agreement, dated as of October 5, 1999 (the "Agreement"), by and between Tip Nunn’s Events,
Inc. (*TNEI’) and Philip Morris Incorporated ("Philip Morris"). It sets forth the terms and
conditions under which TNEI will render services beginning as of the date of the Project
Agreement and continuing through the later of satisfactory completion of the services or
November 30, 1999.

1. Services. In connection with Philip Morris’ Marlbero Racing School program
guide project (the “Project"), which will consist of writing, producing and delivering five
hundred copies each of two guide books, which will be distributed to participants in the
Marlboro Racing School promotions held in Homestead, Florida and Fontana, California, TNEI
will perform the services set forth in Paragraph(s) 1(a), 1(r), 1(s), [(u) and 1(aa)-l(dd) of the
Agreement.

2. Fees, {n full and complete consideration of the services rendered by TNEI
throughout the term of the Project Agreement, Philip Morris will pay TNEI a fee of $7,500 in
accordance with Paragraph 2 of the Agreement within thirty days after submission of an invoice
upon complete performance of services to the reasonable satisfaction of Philip Morris. Total fees
to TNEI for services rendered in connection with the Project Agreement will not exceed $7,500
throughout the term of the Project Agreement without the advance written approval of Philip
Morris.

3. Expenses. Philip Morris will reimburse TNEI, at cost, for reasonable,
competitively priced business expenses incurred in providing services throughout the term of the
Project Agreement in accordance with Paragraph 3 of the Project Agreement within thirty days
after submission of an invoice upon complete performance of the services to the reasonable
satisfaction of Philip Morris. Expenses in excess of $25 must be submitted with receipts.

cv0S020802

