Author: William C. Squires Js March 20, 1964

Division: Biochemical Research 3833 Notebook Pages:
116540-116550
Dated: February 25
through March 17, 1964

CIM, 19642 No. 12 Previous Reports: None

No. of Pages: 2

PREPARATION OF CHARCOAL FROM BURLEY TOBACCO STEMS

OBJECT:

To prepare an inexpensive, highly absorptive charcoal for use as a
filter aid for cigarettes and other purposes.

MEMORANDUM:

The need for more adequate and specific filtration of tobacco smoke
led to the consideration of various forms and sources of charcoal for
use as a filter aid. An inexpensive source of charcoal having specific,
high, absorption capacity was sought.

Burley stems have long been. in excessive supply. It was conceived
by the writer that charcoal could be made from them at low cost and, in
addition, that burley stem.charcoal, because of ite tobacco origin, might
have greater specific absorption capacity for tobacco smoke constituents
than other charcoals. ,

When burley stems were heated in natural atmosphere or in a rarefied
atmosphere, they ignited. The oxygen was thought to have been supplied
by nitrates and other compounds occurring naturally in the stems.

Burley stems were soaked in water overnight, drained, rinsed, and
drained again in an effort to remove nitrates and other forms of combined
oxygen which would support combustion. These extracted stems, both wet
and after drying, were heated to 350° C. in a sheet-steel container until
vapors ceased flowing from small vents. The stems were then thoroughly
charred but not burned.

When higher temperatures were applied in a furnace, the time required
was lessened. At about 410° C., the vapors ignited as they were emitted
from the vents producing a clean blue flame. The charring process was
completed as before.

Lf

The stem charcoal was ground in a Wiley Mill to a particle size
suitable for use in cigarette filter tips. The fines were sifted out and
constituted an estimated 10 percent by weight. They could be used for
other purposes.

LIC",

—T

tLLhS Lihos

