BROWN & WILLIAMSON TOBACCO CORPORATION

INTERNAL COARESPONDENCE

MR. T. F. RIEL

WR. C.J. ROSENE
MR. T. C. CRAVOTTA

DR. T. C. HSIEH & MR. H. W. MAYNOR/bfw/314 DATE JANUARY 8, 1980
MAILLARD REACTION "A" MIXTURE 29099

_MAILLARD REACTION "A" MIXTURE 29099

Reaction "a" flavor mixture provided by the Product Department was partitioned
between diethyl ether and water. This communication reports the twelve ether
soluble components identified so far. A list of Maillard reaction related
compounds from literature review is also included. Further separation and
characterization of flavor components in the ether extract and possible
flavor precursors (e.g., Amadori compounds) in the aqueous fraction will be
reported later.

MATERIAL AND METHODS
Ether Extraction

To a 30-g sample of reaction "A" mixture was added 300 ml of methanol/
water (70/30). The sample was mixed thoroughly and filtered with suction.
White crystals retained on the filter paper were identified as amino acid
valine. The methanol in the filtrate was evaporated under reduced pressure.
The sample was then extracted with 100 ml of diethyl ether four times.

The aqueous fraction was saved for further analyses. <The combined ether
layers were washed with 50 ml of NaCl-saturated water two times. Ten grams
of anhydrous sodium sulfate was added to the ether extract followed by

filtration. The filtrate was evaporated under reduced pressure to remove
ether.

Gas Chromatography with Sensory Evaluation

The ether extract was chromatographed on a 60 meter glass capillary colum
of 12% Carbowax 20M in a Perkin-Elmer gas chromatograph (Model 900) equipped
with an exit port for organoleptic evaluation of part of the column effluent.

Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry

Aliquots of the ether extract were also analyzed using a Finnigan 4021 GC/MS/
Data System (Environmental Consultants, Inc.) in an electron impact mode.
Fragmentation of the capillary gas chromatographic effluents in the ion
source was followed by repetitive scanning (1-3 sec/scan) of the entire mass
range. The relative abundance of each fragment was recorded on a computer
disc. Mass spectral identification was carried out by computer reference
library matching and/or manual interpretation.

