A Division of Loews Theatres, Inc., Research Center, 420 English Street, P.O. Box 21688, Greensboro, North Carolina 27420

Lovember 22, 1983

Mr. C. H. Judge
Lorillard

666 Fifth Ave.

New York, NY 10103

Dear Mr. Judae:

1 have been informed that the bill containing the Rose amendment
has cleared the joint Congress-Senate Conference Committee with
the amendment in a somewhat modified form. My information is
that the references to pesticides have been deleted but that the
dock-side grading/inspection proposals remain essentially as we
originally saw them. This then eliminates the crisis situation
with respect to the pesticide lists. However, I feel certain
that we have not heard the end of that issue and that it will
probably be revived with new vigor a year or two down the road.
Therefore, I think that it would be unwise for the Industry
Technical Committee to stop its work short of the goals suggested
in Horace Kornegay's original letter to the committee chairman of
September 26, 1983.

I think that there are several steps which the committee can take
to ensure that the Tobacco Institute and the Industry in general
is much better prepared to respond the next time a similar
proposal is put forward. First, I think that the committee
should set up some mechanism by which our current list of world-
wide pesticide materials can be kept current both with respect to
those used in various countries and the regulatory status of each
in this country.

Second, I think that the committee should carefully monitor the
status of those approved (registered) materials which are cur-
rently being reconsidered under RPAR (rebuttable presumption
against registration) so that our respective suppliers worldwide
can be immediately informed if the registration of a particular
material is revoked in the U.S.

Third, I think that the committee should critically review the
data available and chemical structures of the other materials so
as to be able to make good guesses about which ones may pose
problems in the future.

8629 BEECS

