ioe Memorandum

Subject: CIM Evaluation Date: February 6, 1978

To: Dr. William L. Clapp : Marjorie P. Newell
Le .. William C. Squires
Gary W. Worrell.

Evaluation: CIM, 1977, No. 11
LOW SIDESTREAM PRODUCT.
reddie W. Best

The experiments upon which CIM, 1977, No. .11 was based were exploratory
and are described in RDM, 1972, No. 20. The results obtained in the labora-
tory indicate that whole tobacco and stems can be ground, extracted, homogenized,
molded, dried, and cast into a rigid, smokable rod with acceptable taste, weights
and pressure drops. Preliminary smoke analyses of handmade (Laredo filter ciga-
rette maker) cigarettes show a 25-42% reduction in FTC "tar" compared to WINSTON.
The cast rod smolders slowly with concomitant increase in puff number and appears,
from visual inspection, to give a low sidestream smoke which is very attractive
from the "social aspects of smoking" viewpoint.

The processes used to produce this cigarette are all straightforward pro-
cedures in the laboratory. Producing the cigarette on a commercial scale would: -.-— -
necessitate development of new manufacturing techniques. The steps involved are
(on a laboratory scale):

1) Medium-grade tobacco and stems are ground to a 16 to 20-mesh.
2) The ground tobacco is extracted with hot water or water and methanol.
3) The extract is concentrated and the tobacco reconstituted with the
extract serving as a binder.
4) Rods are molded from the reconstituted slurry, dried, and reequilibrated
~ to 60% humidity.
5) Cigarettes are made on a hand cigarette maker and tipped.

Most of the steps could be easily adapted from existing methods used in the
factory. The molding of the rods into cigarettes would require new manufac-
turing processes.

The processes of concentrating the extract and drying the swollen tobacco
rods are energy expensive. Changes In manufacturing techniques would be needed
to produce the cigarette on a commercial scale. There are losses in grinding
and handling which would have to be minimized.

These expenses could be offset by the following features:

1) The method produces a rod of swollen tobacco which might reduce the
neéd for tobacco expanded by other means, e.g., Freon 11.

2) The higher puff number may make a shorter tobacco rad feasible.

3) Medium grade tobacco (44X) makes a better product than high grade
tobacco (SFX).

4) Burley stems improve the product.

S8ST eveas

AJA FORM 2422-Rev. 7/70

