Mr. Jeffrey A. Krueger
March 23, 1993
Page 3

fault of Promoter. Promoter's obligation to indemnify and hold

harmless will survive the termination or expiration of the
Agreement.

8. Insurance. Prior to the commencement of the Event,
Promoter will deliver to Philip Morris original certificates of
insurance evidencing coverage for (i) comprehensive general
liability, including advertiser, spectator, participant, host
liquor and contractual liability with limits of no less than
$1,000,000 combined single limit for bodily injury, including
personal injury, and property damage; (ii) comprehensive
automobile liability including all owned, non-owned and hired
vehicles, with limits of no less than $1,000,000 combined single
limit; (iii) statutory workers' compensation coverage meeting all
state and local requirements; and (iv) employers! liability with
limits of no less than $500,000. The insurance certificates
required by subparagraph (i) must name Philip Morris, its
affiliates, employees and assigns as additional insureds and must
state that Philip Morris will be provided at least thirty days'
prior written notice of any cancellation or modification of the
insurance. The insurance must be primary coverage without right
of contribution from any other Philip Morris insurance.

9. Termination. If any federal, state, municipal or
local law, regulation, ordinance, ruling or judgment becomes
effective that makes the promotion of tobacco products as
contemplated by the Agreement unlawful or impracticable or
materially reduces the value of the Agreement to Philip Morris,
the Agreement may be terminated by Philip Morris as of the date
that the law, regulation, ordinance or ruling becomes effective,
and Promoter will refund to Philip Morris all amounts paid to
Promoter by Philip Morris hereunder during the Term. If the
Agreement is so terminated, Promoter may deduct from the refund

all nonrecoverable costs incurred by Promoter on behalf of Philip
Morris.

10. Notices. Any notice given under the terms of the
Agreement must be in writing and delivered by United States
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and if
to Promoter, at the address set forth above, attention: Mr.
Jeffrey A. Krueger, and if to Philip Morris, to Philip Morris
Incorporated, 120 Park Avenue, New York, New York. 10017,
attention: Director, Event Marketing.

ll. Governing Law. The Agreement shall be governed by the

laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and
entirely performed in New York.

ELBbL 4 tvo2

