Mr. Jeffrey A. Krueger
March 23, 1993
Page 2

promotional single-day passes for the three days of the Event;

and, ten complimentary camping permits for the VIP area of the
Event;

(f) the right to four 8' x 8!
Board and 5 percent site areas; and,

Signs on the Reader

(g) the right to recognition in media and print
advertising placed in connection with the Event and to approve in
advance all materials and announcements prepared by Promoter that

mention Philip Morris or MARLBORO, provided, that the approval is
effected on a timely basis.

2. Sponsorship Payment. For the rights and permissions
granted under the Agreement, Philip Morris will pay Promoter the
sum of $25,000. Philip Morris will pay Promoter $15,000 within
thirty days of complete execution of the Agreement and submission
of an invoice and $10,000 paid upon submission of an invoice on
July seep SS / FG
(99S
3. T . The term of the Agreement will commence upon its
execution, dnd continue through the completion of the Event.
Philip Morris has the right to renew the Agreement, if the Event

is held in , upon written notice delivered to Promoter on or
before December 31, see. (GFY,

4. Exclusivity. Promoter will not enter into sponsorship
agreements with any other manufacturer of cigarette or tobacco
products, nor permit any signage, commercial identification or
sampling activities of any other cigarette or tobacco product in

connection with the Event, without the prior written consent of
Philip Morris.

5. Independent Contractor. Promoter is and will remain an
independent contractor and nothing in the Agreement will create a

relation of principal and agent or employer and employee between
Philip Morris and Promoter or any of its employees.

6. The MARLBORO Name. Promoter will have no right or
interest in the MARLBORO name or the slogans, designs of logo-
types associated with MARLBORO, except the Limited right to use
pursuant to the Agreement. All use is subject to the advance
approval of Philip Morris as described in paragraph 1(qg).

7. Indemnity. Promoter indemnifies and holds harmiess
Philip Morris, its affiliates and each of their respective
officers, employees, directors and agents from any clain,
liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
that arise from or may be attributable to any error, omission or

ZESUE SL PO?

