soe anicu ws seed

Fax Message

To: Br. Richard Carchman,
Vice President,
Worldwide Scientific Affairs,
Philip Morris inc.
Fax: 001 -1-804-274-5794

From: Dr. Kohji Takada
Address: cfo Philip Morris «.K.
Akasaka Twin Tower, Main Tower 13F
2-17-22, Akasaka, Minato-Ku, Tokyo 107
Phone: 81~-3-5562-7230
Fax: 81-3-5562-7351

Date: February 13, 1998
Distribution: Drs. C. Ellis, F. Gullotta and R. Walk
Pages: 9 {including cover page)

Subject: Comments on publications regarding “rewarding effect”
of nicotine etc.

Dear Dr. Carchman,

Attached please find the following:

1. Camments on a Nature article reporting the role of B2 subunits of acethyicholine
receptors in mediating dopamine release in the midbrain of mice by nicotine.

2. Transcript from BBC World Service Radio regarding the article above.

3. Comments on a Nature article reporting “a cellular basis for reports that the first
cigarette of the day is the most pleasurable”.

Piease forward thig information to Drs. Ellis and Gullotta and appropriate colleagues.

Note on “2.":

« Dr. Changeux is the last author of the article by Picciotto et al.

« Dr. Changeux describes “positive action of nicotine’, namely, as a cognition enhancer
as well as an anxiolytic (page 3; there are obvious mistakes in the transcript such as
describing an anxiolytic to “increase” anxiety). Since B2-lacking mutant mice show
higher ability of learning than the wild-type (see “1.” attached), if can be argued that
the subunit functions as an ‘inhibitor’ of learning. In this case the ability of nicotine to
facilitate leaming cannot be explained.

« Dr. Changeux appears to think that there are saveral levels of “addiction” (page 4).

Best regards,

fn.
Kohji Takada

IMPORTANT: The information contained in this document is intended only for the named addressee(s).
This document may also contain information which is confidentiat and/or subject to privilege. Its copying
and/or disclosure of its contents by anyone other than the named addressee(s) is strictly prohibited. If you
are not the named addressee, please notify us Immediately by telephone or facsimile.

28620Pb20z

