THE CoUNCIL For TOBACCO RESEARCH — U.S.A., INC.

_ 900 THIRD AVENUE
NEW YORK,NY 10022
(212) 421-8885

ARTHUR D. EISENBERG, Ph.D.
Associate Research Director

March 1, 1991

Dr. Steven I. Reed

Department of Molecular Biology, MB-7
10666 North Torrey Pines Rd.

La Jolla CA 92037

Dear Dr. Reed:

Thank you for your interest in our program of research support. I am pleased to enclose —
a statement of policy and a recent Annual Report that lists grants currently supported.

Our application procedure requires a mandatory two-step application process. First, a
preliminary application must be submitted and reviewed by members of the Executive
Committee of our Scientific Advisory Board who evaluate it for scientific merit and for "fit"
into The Council’s multidisciplinary biomedical research program. If the review is favorable,
you will be provided with forms and instructions for completing a full application which is
reviewed by our Scientific Advisory Board (SAB).

The Council operates two application cycles per year as described below:

Preliminary Full SAB Meeting/ Activation
Application Application Notification Dates
Submissions Deadline Dates oO

March 16- Sept. 15 Nov. 30 April/May July 1
Sept. 16- March 15. May 31 September/October January |

The preliminary application must contain the following:

Cover letter. Include a cover letter on your institution’s stationery.

Three page narrative summary. Begin with the title and include relevant background, overall
goals and specific aims, a brief description of preliminary data and research methods and, ©
importantly, the significance of the proposed project. _
Please end with a sentence indicating the anticipated duration of the project (one, two or three
years) and a single figure estimate of the anticipated annual direct cost.

Note that the three page limit is absolute. No attachment pages containing photographs, charts
or literature citations will be accepted. If you judge such materials are critical for the review
of the proposal, they must be accommodated within the three page limitation.

Two page curricula vitae. A CV of two pages per professional level investigator is required.
Each CV should include a relevant bibliography. The NIH format is quite acceptable. Again,
the page limit is strictly enforced; only two pages per investigator are forwarded to the
Committee.

Publications. Include two or three publications, abstracts or manuscripts that are closely ~
related to the proposed project.

Your preliminary application has been forwarded to the Executive Committee.

Sincerely, © :

Dr. A. D. Eisenberg

