Mr. R. F. Sherman Page 2
February 13, 1980

(iii) the product featured in the advertising is the export
Product which has different product specifications
from the domestic product.

4 list of the T/N values for our brands which fall within any of the
exceptions in (i) through (iii) above is attached as Exhibit Il. The T/N
values for these brands should be reported in our advertising as follows:

" mg 'tar', mg nicotine av, per
cigarette, by FTC method."

Inasmuch as the products sold to our U.S. military personnel are
identical to the U.S. domestic products, the T/N values reported in
the Federal Register should be used except for the values for the
following brands which were either not reported or have undergone
product changes since the FTC pick-up date:

BELAIR KS

KOOL Super Lights KS
KOOL Super Lights 100's
KOOL Milds KS

KOOL Milds 100's

The T/N values for these brands are given in attached Exhibit III, and
must be reported in the above "by FTC method" format.

The T/N values of the January FTC Report must also be used in those
instances where the export and domestic products are identical and where
there has been no product change since the FTC pick-up date. The only
brands falling within this category and their respective T/N values are
set forth in attached Exhibit I]. The T/N values for these brands should
be reported in the "FTC Report Jan. '80"' format.

As you are aware, you must use the T/N values reported in Exhibit II

in all our advertising of any style KENT and TRUE brand cigarettes.
This is true even for our military advertising of these brands. We

shall continue to use our own analysis numbers for these brands since
Lorillard was the manufacturer of the product tested by the FTC. These
brands must be reported in the "by FTC method” format.

The critical date for use of the new test results is February 21, 1980

If the regularly scheduled closing date for cigarette advertisements in
any newspaper, magazine, or other periodical is February 21, 1980 or
earlier, you may use either the figures from the May 1978 FTC Report
or the new January 1980 FTC test results. For such advertising with
closing dates after February 21, 1980, you must use the new test results.

660934841

