THE CouNCIL For TOBACCO RESEARCH - U.S.A., ING.

900 THIRD AVENUE
NEW YORK,NY 10022
(212) 421-8885

ARTHUR D. EISENBERG, Ph.D.
Associate Research Director March 27, 1991

Dr. Beng T. Ho

Department of Neuro-oncology, Box 100 ;
University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center
1515 Holcombe

Houston, Texas 77030

Dear Dr. Ho:

Thank you for your expression of interest in our program of research support. Iam
pleased to enclose a statement describing policies of The Council and a recent Annual Report
that lists grants currently supported. Our application procedure entails a mandatory two-step
process. First, a short preliminary inquiry is sent to members of the Executive Committee of
our Scientific Advisory Board who evaluate it for scientific merit and for "fit" into The
Council’s current multidisciplinary biomedical research program. If the Committee’s review
vote is positive, you will be provided with forms and instructions for completing a full
application. In the event you receive an award, The Council will consider up to two annual

:

renewals on the basis of progress reports and materials submitted with renewal applications.

The Council operates two application cycles per year and accepts preliminary inquiries
year-round; the date of receipt by CTR determines the cycle in which the proposal is evaluated.
- Spring cycle - any inquiry received between March 16 and September 15 and encouraged
by the Executive Committee may be submitted as a full appli¢ation by November 30.

- Fall cycle - inquiries received between September 16 and March 15 and encouraged by
the Committee may be submitted as full applications by May 31:

Preliminary Inquiry Deadline for Notification Activation
Arrival at CTR Full Application Date Date

Spring Mar 16 - Sep 15 ; Nov 30 Early May
Fall Sep 16 - Mar 15 May 31 Early Oct

Cycle

The format for the preliminary application is as follows:

1. A three page narrative summary. This should contain a synopsis of the proposed project
including relevant background material, its present status and goals, a brief outline of the
research and its impact. The summary should end with a sentence indicating the
anticipated duration of the project (one, two or three years) and a single figure estimate
of the anticipated annual direct costs of the study as proposed. Please note that the three
page limit is absolute; no attachment pages containing photographs, charts or literature
citations will be accepted. If you judge such materials are critical for the review of the
proposal, they must be accommodated within the three page limitation.

Two page curricula vitae and scientif ic bibliographies of the applicant and principal
professional level collaborators (the NIH format is quite acceptable). Again, the page
limit is strictly enforced; only two pages per investigator are forwarded to the Committee.

One copy each of any two or three publications, abstracts or manuscripts that are closely
related to the project for which funding is being sought.

Arthur D. Eisenberg \

