bee: Aue, <ludar, Sreve Js

THE TOBACCO INSTITUTE

1875 I STREET. NORTHWEST WILLIAM D. TOOHEY, JR.
WASHINGTON, DC 20006 Director of Media Relations
202/457-4800 © 800/424-9876 - 202/457-4856

May 3, 1982

Mr. Ray Cave
Managing Editor
TIME MAGAZINE
Time/Life Building
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY 10020

Dear Mr. Cave:

At a March 17 Senate hearing on proposed legislation to require
more specific health warnings on cigarette packages, Senator Orrin
Hatch asked Assistant Secretary of Health Edward Brandt the following
question: "It seems to me that some scientists do not accept the
conclusion that cigarette smoking is the cause of disease and death.
So how do you account for their skepticism?" Dr. Brandt responded:

"I think some scientists clearly look for complete identification of
the mechanism before they will accept factors as being causal. As
I point out in my testimony, at the present time the exact physiologic

or pathophysiologic mechanisms for cigarette smoking and these -
illnesses has not been clearly demonstrated.

Less than a month earlier, of course, Dr. Brandt's department
had issued its annual report on smoking. It stated: "Cigarette
smoking is clearly identified as the chief preventable cause of
death in our society and the most important public health issue of
our time." —

I think you'll agree Dr. Brandt's candid concession to Senator
Hatch on the state of scientific certainty in the area of smoking
and health is in marked contrast to the dogmatic claims of the
government's report.

I bring this to your attention because it illustrates problems
within TIME's March 8 four-column article on the Surgeon General's
report. :

I know that TIME does not automatically accept government
pronouncements -~ it certainly does not in many areas of national
concern and should not with respect to health matters. Surely the
magazine's editorial goal is to provide readers with a complete,

i i ts. .
hopefully unbiased, view of current events 03024921

Unfortunately, that does not seem to be the case when reporting
on smoking and health. Coverage in the March 8 article, for example,
seemed superficial at best -- essentially parroting the government
report with no attempt to examine its merits or alternative viewpoints.

Both your New York reporter, Anastasia Toufexis, and your Washing-
ton reporter, Jeanne Saddler, had received prior to the release of
the Surgeon General's report, a 102-page document published by The

