Mr. Ray Cave
May 3, 1982
Page 2

Tobacco Institute on the subject of smoking and cancer. The TI
report was fully documented and based on the same body of scientific
literature which we hope was reviewed by the authors of the
government's report. The TI report, however, was dismissed as
"predictable" in two sentences near the end of a four-column article. —

Permit me to offer some point-by-point comments:

e The article reported TIME'’s own conclusion that "Today
smoking is considered a major cause of not only lung cancer but of
cancer of the larynx, oral cavity and esophagus, and a contributory
factor in the development of malignancy in the bladder, pancreas and
kidney." Yet as our own report demonstrated, eminent scientists
still question the smoking/cancer hypothesis’ for reasons as obvious
as that cited in Dr. Brandt's Senate testimony. Comparison of
tobacco consumption figures and lung cancer rates among nations also
tax the hypothesis. For the other diseases, close examination of
incidence and mortality rates in this country alone reveals many
patterns that do not Support the > hypothesis that cigarette smoking
causes then.

The causal theory cannot explain | the varied patterns in bladder,
oral/pharyngeal and esophageal cancer that have been reported (page
6 of the enclosed copy of our report). Incidence rates for these
diseases seem to lack any coherent pattern. They rise; fall or
remain stable, depending on the disease, gender and race. Even if
one considered the so-called lag period of first exposure to an
agent and the clinical appearance of disease, the varied trends
still could not be explained by the hypothesis that cigarette
smoking is the causal agent. This information is noted on pages 5
and 6 of The Institute report.

e The surgeon general's assertion, reported by TIME, that
tobacco “is responsible for some 340,000 deaths in this country
annually" is based on layers of assumption. It certainly would not
stand up to the level of journalistic scrutiny given, for example,
to President Reagan's figures on employment.

It's interesting to note that the original Surgeon General's
report in 1964 rejected the "excess death" theory: "The total
number of excess deaths causally related to cigarette smoking
in the U.S. population cannot be accurately estimated." The
reason was given at the news conference when the report was released:
"The Committee considered the possibility of trying to make such
calculations but it involves making so many assumptions that the
Committee felt it should not attempt this..." 03024922

No one at TIME, or any other news organization, for that
matter, bothered to question the accuracy of Dr. Koop's charge.

