4

COVINGTON & BURLING

CONFIDENTIAL:
MINNESOTA TOBACCO LITIGATION

Committee of Counsel
April 3, 1975
Page Two

. The Chairman assured us that the matter would
be examined in depth, and as to the second request, it was
not the usual practice but he would talk with his fellow
Commissioners.

2. The questions of publicity about the compli-
ance investigation were reviewed. The original agreement
in 1974 for no publicity had been fully honored. Since the
ANPA Government Relations Committee had scheduled a meeting
for March 12, and there had been a great deal of interest
generated at least by the several hundred letters Mr. Boyle
had addressed to newspapers, Mr. Kornegay and Mr. Austern
were asked to attend that meeting and give a status report
which we did but we had pointed out emphatically that what
was presently concerned was a Staff position and not a de-
termination by the Commission. We urged that no publicity
be given. We reported that we did not, and had not yet,
given the ANPA our Statement.

We next stated that neither Kornegay nor Austern
had talked with reporters. Our point was that the publicity
had not been generated by the industry. (In a later side
discussion following the meeting with the Chairman, Eric
Rubin violently disagreed. He stated that he had knowledge
of everything that had been said at the ANPA meeting and
that in his view it was the industry that had triggered the

publicity.)

As to the billboard people, we pointed out that
they were vitally interested, that we knew that they had
been visiting the Commission even before the Staff report
was before the Commission. We indicated that we could not
control what the billboard people would do, or what they
might say, or where they might say it.

3. The final point emerged from an almost incom-
prehensible letter received by three companies notifying
them that the Commission had granted the request of Consumers
Union for access to the 1970 sales data and advertising ex-
penditure data contained in the Commission's files. That
letter was captioned with a reference to the 1972 Consent
Orders. The Consent Orders of course did not become effec-
tive until March 30, 1972. We pointed out to the Chairman
that this was a new and confusing situation, particularly

a“

TIMN 0153167

