COVINGTON & BURLING

MINNESOTA TOBACCO LITIGATION

Committee of Counsel
April 3, 1975
Page Three

since the Consumers Union Deputy had turned up as an advisor
to the Staff.

The Chairman stated that this had been a routine
request by Consumers Union, that under the Freedom of In-
formation Act the material had to be supplied, and observed
that 1970 data was fairly old.

Tt was further made clear that this request had
not originated with the Staff and had nothing to do with the
compliance problem.

Mr. Austern agreed that this was true, but sug-
gested that these materials apparently had been supplied in
response to Commission orders and that it was his recollec-
tion that the companies had requested confidential treat-
ment. He advised the Chairman that he was satisfied about
the lack of relation to the compliance inquiry, but that each
of the companies would have to be free to pursue the matter
of confidentiality on an individual basis.

; Following the meeting, Mr. George H. Yenowine,
the Institute Publications Director, obtained the original
request of Consumers Union. A copy of that request is en-
closed. It will be observed that Warren Braren, as Associate
Director, made the request under date of August 14, 1974.
[Tt will be recalled that Mr. Braren turned up as an advisor
. to the Staff at an agency interview on August 21, 1974. )
It likewise appears that he asked for FTC Staff studies, and
instead was given "access to 1970 sales data and advertising
expenditure data contained in the Commission files." The
Commission letter also suggests that these materials were
submitted in connection with the compliance inquiry. This
seems to be erroneous.

Mr. Kornegay and I have concluded, first, that
however confusing this latest episode may be, we ought not
to have it obscure or confound the main points involved in
the compliance proceeding; second, that raising it with
the Chairman will at least lead the Commission to scrutinize
any further requests by Mr. Braren; but that the question
of whether the confidentiality of the individual company
reports submitted to the Commission in response to its

