“COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S&S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Six

or any brands. In this connection, we refer you to the in-
troductory paragraph of the Order which in our view makes

it clear that respondents are ordered to include the warning
statement in the advertisement of their brands of cigarettes.
An aisle marker which merely indicates where all brands of
cigarettes may be purchased is not an advertisement of any
respondent's particular brands.

As to vending machines, the questions which we have
to discuss are somewhat more complex. You-.may have noted
that "vending machines" are not specifically referred to in
the Order and that the Order deals with "advertising" and not
with distribution. The suggested theory that those cigarette
manufacturers who through POP, which is the agent for the
vending machine maker, contract with the latter for an ad-
vertisement on a portion of the top panel of a machine, there-
by exercise "control" over the operator of that machine we
believe is not sustainable. Nor does the fact that a re-
spondent pays modest sums to a machine operator for the stock-
ing in some but not all of the columns of the machine consti-.
tute "control."

The further suggestion that Paragraph G of the Order
was intended to require an individual respondent, after
July 14, 1972, to go out into the field and in some fashion
get a warning statement placed on hundreds of thousands of
vending machines already in place cannot be remotely accepted.

There may be some mechanism by which the Commission,
other than under this Order, could arrange that in the future
on newly manufactured machines there be a comparable warning
statement. But this would have to be recognized as wholly
apart from any concept that these respondents on and after
July 14, 1972, were obligated in any way to deal with vending
machine advertising display. panels other than under Section E
of the Order. In this area of vending machines, we would
appreciate any specific suggestions which you can develop.

As to billboards, an examination of Commission files
on the negotiation of the Consent Order will demonstrate that
the specifics in Paragraph D were developed in the light of
the complexities of that mode of outdoor advertising involv-
ing billboard sizes, different forms, distances from highways,
and the like.

TIFL 0526454

TIMN 0165444

