COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Five

that change as part of a settlement. In doing so, the need
for a separate agreed-upon ROP newspaper acetate becomes ob-
vious, and if that is employed in the production materials
sent to newspapers, there can be no further argument about
shrinkage.

If newsprint costs lead present standard 8-column
newspapers to change to six columns, which would completely
change the economics of newspaper advertising rates which
are now measured in vertical agate lines per-column, the
requirement of going up one size will not apply to those
newspapers who employ that six-column format.

As to point-of-sale materials, it will follow that any
modifications for the future made in typography will apply
to the warning statement to be used, after adequate lead time,
in any POS materials. But in this complicated area, there are
a number of key questions which must likewise be resolved.
The first has to do with POS materials already in place before
any future changes are agreed upon. Your Staff is of course
familiar with the fact that by and large the use of POS materi-
als is a rotating practice.with particular brands being pro-
moted by these materials over limited periods of time. As to
permanent POS items already in place, it was never originally
contemplated and no agreed settlement can require that the
respondents undertake any responsibility for removing or modi-
fying these in thousands of locations. Commission orders
operate prospectively and any agreed upon changes must like-
Wise do so.

In a few instances there have been differences as to
how one measures the "advertising display area." Where a
POS item has an irregular shape, we are prepared to discuss
some uniform and simplified method of determining the com-
posite area. But in determining what is the "advertising
display area," we are not prepared to include either ciga-
rette packs or cartons which are placed in counter display
eases, In addition, we are not prepared to consider the in-
clusion in that measurement of non-advertising functional
statements, such as "Welcome" or "Thank You" or Astro turf
or other change mat areas.

We have also extensively discussed a few minor items

given to retailers which refer generally only to "cigarettes,"
such as aisle markers which do not refer to any respondent

TIFL 0526453

-TIMN 0165443

