COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Seven

We are prepared to discuss and to recommend any reé~
sonable suggestions you may have to offer that do not depert
from the basics of Paragraph D or practically seek to
curtail that-mode of advertising. Here also there must be
adequate recognition of ‘the fact that any type of change is
not to be accomplished overnight but adequate lead times
must be provided.

You will appreciate that these basic questions cover
virtually all of the compliance issues that overall affect
each of the six respondents. We believe it essential that
consideration of what is to be done with respect to them for
the future is cardinal.

As to the particular advertisements in which the Staff
believes it could recommend that there has been a willful vio-
lation of the Order by particular respondents, to the injury
of the public and as to which the Commission had previousl:
indicated its objections, we believe that these can be dis-
cussed and evaluated once we have a clear understanding as
to what changes are to be made for the future, the necessizy
for agreed upon acetates, and an agreement that the produc-
tion materials sent to media are to be the controlling point
in measuring compliance.

When we meet on Wednesday, we can also develop with
you a schedule for the submission of the requested forms c?
column stocking contracts and of offers for distribution
payments for cisplay of cigarettes. We regard these as ccz-
pletely irrelevant, but would not be unwilling as part of
settlement discussions to submit them. We are also prepar-
ing a list of the documents which have been withheld as
legally privileged and as to which our position has been
repeatedly made clear.

We hope that this letter will facilitate our prelir-
inary discussions of January 15 of what is an inescapably
difficult and complicated series of questions involving a
consent order embracing a considerable volume of advertising
of a product with which both the Congress and the Commission
and the industry have long dealt and which affects an im-
portant segment of the American economy.

Very truly yours,

TIFL 0526455 r1MN 9165445

