, COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Three

the diminution or cessation of newspaper advertising. That
was clearly not contemplated by the Order and would have been
certain to inflict substantial economic loss on the news-
paper industry. :

second, the experience of these respondents to date
in this investigation makes it imperative that for the future
there be agreed upon with the Commission a series of standard
acetates or overlays which are to be used for compliance.
(It may be that a settlement will develop separate agreed~upon
acetates for magazines, for newspaper usage (other than news-
paper supplements or spectacolor or hi-fi), and for POS us-
age.) Neither the Commission nor these respondents can effec-
tively operate if arguments are to be generated in the future
as to minute typographical variation appearing in particular
media.

Third, as to any agreed changes, there must be con-
tinued recognition of the need for realistic lead times as
understood from the very outset and reflected in Paragraph G
of the Order,

Nevertheless, in order to settle the present contro-
versial questions, without generating further demands upon the
resources of the Commission or the respondents, we are pre-
pared to discuss with you, and to recommend to the respondents
with some conridence as to acceptance, a series of agreemerts
for the future.

As to typography, we are still clear beyond peradven-
ture that the language of Paragraph C.2 specifies leading
equivalent to the "x-height" of each type size, measured from
the bottom of the lower case characters in the first line to
the top of the lower case letters in the second line. If this
were not true, the language "excluding the ascending and de-
scending letters" would make no sense. Obviously, there are
neither ascenders or descenders in any "x-height."

We are prepared to discuss some reasonable modification
in measuring the space between the first line and the top rule
and the second line and the bottom rule more than the Order
literally requires.

TIMN 0165441

