COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Four

We do not believe it serves the purpose of the Order
to reduce the width of the resulting rectangle. We will
demonstrate to you that the suggested literal exhibited to
us by your Staff results in narrower rectangles than the
standard acetate now employed by the respondents. We do not
know the source of that so-called Staff literal or the in-
structions given for its preparation. We are satisfied that
any comparative examination of the standard acetate will dis-
close that the spacing horizontally is far more generous than
the Order requires. “

In this area, we are hopeful that you will understand
that these differences of a few type points will hardly com-
mend themselves to either the Commission-or any court as the
pasis for urging that every advertisement prepared since the
controlling dates in the Order was in violation. In view of
the insignificance of these typographical issues in achieving
the objectives of the Order, we are prepared, as noted, to
come to a reasonable accommodation for the future,

As to shrinkage, there is no point in here elaborating
that. we are prepared to establish to Mr. Rosch, to the Com-
mission~-and if ever necessary to any court--that shrinkage
was never discussed during the negotiations, that these re-
spondents were never chargeable with controlling newspaper
printing, and that shrinkage has not impaired the prominence
or legibility of the warning statement. ,

(Nor do we in our discussions with you need to go
through the exercise of demonstrating that since the standard
acetate used in production materials was far wider horizon-
tally than what the Order literally requires, the extent of
shrinkage is far less than has been suggested.)

There has, however, been an incredible amount of ex-
ploration and discussion of shrinkage. These respondents
cannot in the future control the economics of newspaper print-
ing that has presently become so acute because of increased
newsprint costs. Moreover, Mr. Boyle has, indicated that on
your Staff examination virtually all of this shrinkage prob-
lem can be dissipated by the respondents, who either slightly
or to a substantial extent utilize ROP advertising, using the
next largest category in the preparation of production mater-
ials for those newspapers. We are prepared to discuss

TIFL 0526457

TIMN 0165442

