COVINGTON & BURLING

Maurice S. Meyer, Esquire
January 13, 1975
Page Two

Moreover, it remains the view of the respondents that
even though this is a Consent Order, it is still an order of
the Commission which must be interpreted as written, and not
as more than two years later members of the Staff post hoc
suggest it should have been written. If there is ambiguity
-anywhere in the Order, that ambiguity must be resolved
against the background of the negotiations.

In examining that background, there must be understood
our references to the mock-ups submitted to the Commission;
the understandings with the Staff who negotiated on behalf
of the Commission; and the Compliance. Reports which were filed
in December 1972 as well as the exhibits attached to them
which comprehended at least three of the basic questions as
to which your Staff now, more than two years later, is ad-
vancing novel theories. As to those Compliance Reports, the
Commission up to April 1974 communicated nothing to the re-

-Spondents.

We also deem relevant the overall performance of the
respondents in achieving the objectives of the Order. We re-
gard the interpretations of Section G which have been sug-
gested-as wholly unfounded. You might, for example, refer to
the Philip Morris Report of Compliance, of September 1, 1972,
which makes it perfectly clear that the Order covered only
point-of-sale material larger than 36 square inches delivered
in final form to the printer after July 14, 1972.

In dealing with what is to be done in the future, in
order not to generate further or continued controversy, we
believe there are three cardinal points.

The first is that these respondents are not to be held
in violation of the Order so long as the production materials
which they or their agencies prepare and distribute to any
media are in compliance. This was clearly understood through-
out the negotiations of the Consent Order. There is simply no
other way to operate. As we have repeatedly pointed out,
neither magazines nor newspapers were named as respondents.

Apart from the manifest bias against cigarette adver-
tising exhibited by you and some members of your Staff during
our recent discussions, the type of rigid control over media
embodied in some of the positions advanced would have required

TIFL 0526450

TIMN 0165440

