Mr. Steve Atchley
September 21, 1999
Page 5

12. Independent Contractor.

I-MAG is an independent contractor and the Agreement will not be construed to create an
association, partnership, joint venture or relation of principal and agent or employer and
employee between Philip Morris and I-MAG or I-MAG's employees or agents within the
meaning of any federal, state or local law. I-MAG will not enter into any agreement, oral or
written, on behalf of Philip Morris or otherwise obligate Philip Morris without having previously
obtained Philip Morris' written approval.

13. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Agreement and all matters collateral hereto will be governed by the laws of
the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within the
State of New York. I-MAG will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances
relating to I-MAG's performance of services pursuant to the Agreement. I-MAG acknowledges
that it is cognizant of the provisions of Title 15, Sections 1331 et seq. of the United States Code
and of the Masier Settlement Agreement executed as of November 23, 1998, by certain tobacco
manufacturers and the Settling States (as defined in the Master Settlement Agreement).

(b) The Agreement is the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes any

prior oral or written agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter of the
Agreement. If any provision of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions will remain in effect.

(c) The Agreement may not be modified, amended or assigned except in a writing
signed by both parties. If an assignment occurs, the assignment will not relieve the assigning
party of its liabilities or obligations under the Agreement. The Agreement is binding upon
successors and assignees of the parties. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of the
Agreement in one or more instances will not constitute a permanent waiver of the term or
condition or any other term or condition of the Agreement or a general waiver.

(d) Notices provided hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to -MAG will be sent to ILMAG Video AV Inc., 19
West Ventura Street, Tucson, Arizona 85705, Attention: Mr. Steve Atchley. Notices to Philip
Morris will be sent to Philip Morris Incorporated, 120 Park Avenue, New York, New York
10017, Attention: Director, Event Marketing.

_ 986 LS080z

