Mr. Steve Atchley
September 21, 1999
Page 4

8. Third Party Contacts.

If at any time I-MAG is contacted by a third party, including the media, other than as
contemplated by the terms of the Agreement, concerning I-MAG's activities on behalf of Philip
Morris, -MAG will make no comment, immediately notify Philip Morris of the third party
contact, and refer the third party to Philip Morris, Senior Vice President, Corporate A ffairs.

9. Indemnity.

I-MAG agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Philip Morris, its affiliates and each of
their respective officers, employees, directors and agents from all claims, liabilities, costs or
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from, or may be attributable to any error,
omission or fault of I-MAG or its subcontractors. I-MAG's obligation io indemnify and hold
harmless will survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement.

10. Insurance.

Within ten days after the execution of the Agreement, -MAG will deliver to Philip
Mortis certificates of insurance evidencing coverage for: (1) comprehensive general liability,
including contractual liability, with limits of no less than $2,000,000 combined single limit for
bodily injury, including personal injury, and property damage; (2) comprehensive automobile
liability for all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles with bodily injury limits of no less than
$2,000,000 per person, $2,000,000 per accident, and property damage limits of no less than
$2,000,000 per accident; and (3) statutory workers' compensation coverage meeting all state and
local requirements, including coverage for employers’ liability with limits of no less than
$500,000. The insurance certificates required by subparagraphs (1) and (2) must name Philip
Morris, its affiliates, employees and assigns as additional insureds and must state that Philip
Morris will be provided at least thirty days' advance, written notice of any cancellation or
modification of the insurance. The insurance required must be primary coverage without right of
contribution from any other Philip Morris insurance. Insurance maintained by Philip Morris is
for the exclusive benefit of Philip Morris and will not inure to the benefit of LMAG. I-MAG
will ensure that all subcontractors performing services in connection with the Agreement obtain
comparable certificates of insurance. The certificates must name Philip Morris, its affiliates,
employees and assigns as additional insureds.

I. The MARLBORO Names.

I-MAG recognizes and acknowledges that the MARLBORO name and the designs,
emblems, slogans and insignia of MARLBORO and MARLBORO Racing have great value
and goodwill and are the sole property of Philip Morris, and I-MAG agrees that it has and will
claim no right, title or interest in or to the same or the right to use the same except in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

SE6LSrosoc

