Mr. Steve Atchley
September 21, 1999
Page 2

3. Expenses.
(a) Event Expenses.

For reasonable, competitively priced expenses incurred in connection with the California
School, Philip Morris will reimburse I-MAG, at cost, in accordance with the budget set forth in
Exhibit B. Expenses in excess of $25 must be submitted with receipts. Expenses in excess of
$250 must be approved in advance by Philip Morris. Expenses included in Exhibit B are deemed
to be reasonable and approved. I-MAG may not apply funds allocated to one budget category to
another category without the prior, written approval of Philip Morris. Total reimbursement of
expenses incurred in connection with the California School, throughout the term of the
Agreement will not exceed $32,360 without the advance, written approval of Philip Morris.

For reasonable, competitively priced expenses incurred in connection with the Florida
Schools, Philip Morris will reimburse I-MAG, at cost, in accordance with the budget set forth in
Exhibit C. Expenses in excess of $25 must be submitted with receipts. Expenses in excess of
$250 must be approved in advance by Philip Morris. Expenses included in Exhibit C are deemed
to be reasonable and approved. I-MAG may not apply funds allocated to one budget category to
another category without the prior, written approval of Philip Morris. Total reimbursement of
expenses incurred in connection with the Florida Schools, throughout the term of the Agreement
will not exceed $99,000 without the advance, written approval of Philip Morris.

(b) Travel Expenses.

Philip Morris will reimburse I-MAG, at cost, for reasonable, competitively priced travel
expenses incurred in providing services pursuant to the Agreement. Expenses in excess of $25
must be submitted with receipts. Expenses in excess of $250 must be approved in advance by
Philip Morris. Philip Morris will reimburse I-MAG's travel expenses within thirty days after the
completion of the School and I-MAG's submission of an itemized invoice detailing the travel
expenses incurred. Total reimbursement of travel expenses to -MAG throughout the term of the
Agreement will not exceed $36,890 without the advance, written approval of Philip Morris.

(c} Audio Hardware Expenses.

Philip Morris will reimburse I-MAG, at cost, for audio hardware purchased in accordance
with the proposal set forth as Exhibit D hereto. All audio hardware purchased pursuant to the
this subparagraph will become the property of Philip Morris. Philip Morris will reimburse I-
MAG for the audio hardware within thirty days after submission of an itemized invoice. Total
reimbursement to I-MAG for audio hardware purchased pursuant to this subparagraph will not
exceed $8,029.51 without the advance, written approval of Philip Morris.

_ £€6LS¢080z

