Mr. Steve Atchley
September 21, 1999
Page 3

4. Term, Termination and Renewal.

The term of the Agreement will commence as of the date of the Agreement, and will
continue through the later of February 29, 2000, or the complete performance of all services to
the satisfaction of Philip Morris. Philip Morris may terminate the Agreement, with or without
cause, at any time upon written notice to I-MAG. If Philip Morris terminates the Agreement
without cause, Philip Morris will have no liability to -MAG after the termination date specified
in Philip Morris’ notice of termination, with the exception of fees earned for services
satisfactorily performed, and documented expenses properly incurred, by I-MAG prior to the
termination date.

5. Records.

I-MAG will maintain detailed and accurate books and records of account with respect to
activities undertaken on behalf of Philip Morris and will provide periodic reports if, as and when
requested by Philip Morris. Philip Morris, its employees and agents have the right, upon
reasonable advance notice, and at Philip Morris' expense, to audit ILMAG's books and records
with regard to its performance of services pursuant to the Agreement.

6. Ownership.

All material prepared, developed or acquired by I-MAG pursuant to the Agreement will
become the property of Philip Morris, and I-MAG hereby agrees to assign to Philip Morris any
and all rights to copyright the material. Upon the acceptance by Philip Morris of any
copyrightable material prepared by I-MAG, I-MAG at the request of Philip Morris will assign all
of its right, title and interest in and to the material to Philip Morris and will execute an
assignment in a form acceptable to Philip Morris. I-MAG will require that all employees,
consultants and subcontractors performing services in connection with the Agreement agree to
assign the materials they produce to Philip Morris and to acknowledge, in writing, that their
copyrightable contributions are owned by Philip Morris.

7. Confidentiality.

I-MAG will hold strictly confidential the existence and terms of the Agreement and all
information and materials provided by Philip Morris to I-MAG or created or acquired by L-MAG
in performing services pursuant to the Agreement. I-MAG will not use or disclose to any third
party the existence or terms of the Agreement, any such information or materials, or any other
confidential information without the prior, written consent of Philip Morris. Upon the
termination or expiration of the Agreement, I-MAG will return promptly all materials to Philip
Morris. I-MAG's obligation to maintain confidentiality will survive the termination or expiration
of the Agreement.

_ VEE LSpOgoz

