EXHIBIT A
SERVICES

I California School

I-MAG’s duties are to provide documentation and assemble racing footage for the use in two (2)
instructional videos (6-8 minutes each), racing footage for playback during a bus trip designated
by Philip Morris (25 minutes of footage) and a compilation video of racing and evening events to
be shown on the awards night for the California School.

Upon arrival on-site on November 5, 1999, I-MAG will meet with individuals designated by
Philip Morris and decide on a storyboard for the correct sequence of the taping.

On November 6, 1999, a Sony miniature camera will be installed by -MAG onto the exterior of
the Van Demon racer designated by Philip Morris. This camera will allow the capture of footage
for an instructional video. I-MAG will ensure that wind vibration is kept to a minimum. The
camera will view ahead of the racer and tilt down to capture the interior for gages and shifting of
gears. Videotaping will continue until the shoot list is completed. On the 2 seat model sedan, I-
MAG’s camera operator will ride along holding the camera. Video taping will continue until the
shoot list is completed.

Auto narration will not be recorded on either of the instructional videos. Once all the footage is
on tape, I-MAG will download the footage to a non-linear editing system provided by I-MAG.
This system contains:

Apple Mac G3 computer

9 Gigabytes of storage capabilities

TARGA Video Card

Edit controller

Color Monitor

Beta SP record

Beta SP playback

VHS record/playback Deck

14” color monitor

This non-linear system will be driven by Scitex Statusphere/Microsphere software provided by I-
MAG. I-MAG will digitize the video data and perform DVE effects, dissolves and output to tape
for playback.

Both Beta SP cameras with 16x zoom lenses will photograph approximately 25 minutes of stock
footage of race track for the purpose of introducing the MARLBORO Racing concept. Shots of
crews, pit areas, staging and surrounding wil] be edited by -MAG and dumped to VHS tape by I-
MAG for viewing by individuals designated by Philip Morris upon such individuals’ arrival from
the airport to the hotel. I-MAG will design/storyboard, add graphics when needed, add audio,
and music when desired by Philip Morris or -MAG to enhance the video presentation.

8e6LS7080c

