Continued from previous page. Do not use additional pages.

The immediate goals of this research are the identification
of molecules that associate with tyrosine kinases and the characterization
of processes by which these molecules communicate with each other.

It is anticipated that our results will have broad implications for
our understanding of the processes that control cellular growth and
differentiation. Moreover, knowledge of the molecular mechanisms
of proto-oncogene action could also provide the basis for an understanding
of how transforming genes subvert normal growth control, and could point
towards potential therapies for controlling malignant diseases in humans.

Preliminary experiments using an anti-idiotypic approach
identified a 65 kD protein that interacts with the yes kinase.
A cDNA clone for that protein was isolated from an expression
library.

Liat the SPECIFIC AIMS of this research project (as opposed to the broad goals presented ig Item 7).
Do not exceed the space allotted below.
I propose:

To characterize the complete cDNA sequence encoding the 65 kD protein
and to confirm the predicted features (membrane spanning domains, phosphorylation
sites) with biochemical tests using anti-idiotypic antibodies.

To generate antibodies against the 65 kD protein by expressing its cDNA in
bacteria. We will select those fragments of the DNA which do not encode

part of the protein involved in the apparent interaction with the yes

kinase. These antibodies will be used to show the direct interaction between
the c-yes gene product and the 65 kD protein.

Once the direct physical interaction is documented and its effect on the kinase
activity of the yes protein is shown, we will construct various deletion
mutants of c-yes and of the 65 kD protein in order to map accurately

the domains involved in the interaction between these proteins.

To generate anti-idiotypic antibodies to other domains of yes and src
proteins, specifically to the SH2 domain and to the extreme amino terminal
domain involved in the interaction with membrane receptors, using available
polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies against yes and src.

To isolate substrates of the src proto-oncogene kinase from A431 cells
treated with calcium ionophore.

