Sudol, Marius 129-68-8626

tein that interacts with the yes kinase. The molecular clone encoding this protein was isolat-
ed from a cDNA expression library constructed from an enriched preparation of Purkinje
cells,

To study the functions of tyrosine kinases it is important to identify their substrates.
Many cellular proteins have been identified that are phosphorylated on tyrosine by activated
forms of the kinases in transformed cells. A number of laboratories are trying to purify these
proteins using conventional biochemical and molecular biology techniques, and to show a
causal relationship between tyrosine phosphorylation of these proteins and cell transforma-
tion. Our aim is to identify the substrates of proto-oncogenes. We propose to isolate sub-
strates of the cellular sre kinase from A431 human epidermoid carcinoma cells treated with
calcium ionophore. We expect that characterizing the substrate proteins for the c-sre kinase
will provide clues to the function of this proto-oncogene.

SIGNIFICANCE

Several experimental approaches indicate that receptor and non-receptor tyrosine kinases
form complexes with cellular proteins. In the case of the receptors a number of molecules in-
teracting with them have been identified and some of these molecules have been implicated in
receptor-mediated signal transduction processes (32). Our research is aimed at dissecting the
cellular and molecular processes in which two representative non-receptor tyrosine kinases,
namely yes and sre, are involved. The immediate goals of this research are the identification
of molecules that associate with and are phosphorylated by tyrosine kinases, and the charac-
terization of processes by which these molecules communicate. We anticipate that our results
will have broad implications for understanding the processes that contro! cellular growth and
differentiation. Moreover, knowledge of the molecular mechanisms of proto-oncogene action
could also provide the basis for an understanding of how transforming genes subvert normal
growth control, and could point towards potential therapies for controlling malignant diseases
in humans.

EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN & METHODS

a, Anti-idiotypic approach

We have shown that polyomavirus middle-T antigen can associate with and be phospho-
rylated by the c-yes kinase (13). Two other tyrosine kinases, src and fyn, are known to bind
to middle-T protein as well (3,4,15). In the case of sre and yes, this association changes the
specific activity of these enzymes in autophosphorylation assays and in the phosphorylation of
an exogenous “substrate” protein, enolase. In addition to the implications for the mechanism
of transformation by polyomavirus, these findings set the stage for studying cellular proteins
that might interact with tyrosine kinases in a manner similar to that shown for the viral
middle-T protein. We decided to use an anti-idiotypic approach to search for cellular pro-
teins that interact with and possibly modulate the yes and sre kinases. This approach is
based on the observation that antibody directed to antigen may itself engender an immune
response (10,18). The resulting anti-idiotypic antibody mimics the original antigen and there-
fore can bind with high affinity molecules that interact with the antigen.

It has been proposed that the amino terminal portions of non-receptor type tyrosine ki-
nases have a regulatory role because mutations in these regions can influence the enzymatic
activity of these proteins (21,23). In addition, these mutations produce host-range mutant
phenotypes which could be explained only by assuming the interaction of the amino terminal
domains of tyrosine kinases with unknown cellular proteins (21). To test this hypothesis we
generated antibodies against a polyclonal antibody directed to the amino terminal region of
the yes protein (containing the entire SH3 domain and the yes-specific region at the amino-

