3d
Sudol, Marius 129-68-8626

discrete mRNA and whose fusion proteins prevent the formation of a protein-enc complex.
Special attention will be given to proteins which are phosphorylated on tyrosine.

b. Potential Substrates of the Cellular-sre Kinase

We propose to isolate substrates of the sre proto-oncogene kinase. It is likely that these
substrates are different from those of the v-sre protein, the activated tyrosine kinase, The
choice of this experimental model came from studies on the differentitation of keratinocytes.
We observed that the endogenous p60°°"° in A431 cells treated with micromolar concentra-
tions of caleium ionophore in the presence of extracellular calcium shows association with 3
cellular proteins of molecular masses 120, 67, and 37 kD (Fig. 6). These proteins coprecipitat-
ed with p60°°"* in detergent containing buffers and were Rhosphorylated in vitro and in vivo
on tyrosine. The pattern of their association with p60~ © was not dependent on the anti-
body used as other monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies showed similar results. The sre-
associated proteins are not related to each other or to p60°""* as determined by one dimen-
sional peptide mapping. This phenomenon was not observed for p62” °~”.

Using standard methods of protein chemistry, we will purify the 3 proteins associated
with p60 °"°, Affinity chromatography with sre monoclonal antibody GD11 (20) coupled to
CNBr activated Sepharose will be used. Large quantities of A431 cells will be grown in roller
bottles. FPLC (which is available in the lab) will be employed to optimize the conditions of
purification. Purified proteins will be subjected to partial protein microsequencing in order to
obtain information for the synthesis of oligonucleotide probes. Isolation and characterization
of cDNAs for the polypeptides will be performed using basic methods of molecular cloning.

We will characterize these proteins using standard biochemical techniques. The basic ap-

proach will be to generate antibodies to the proteins predicted from DNA sequence analysis of
molecular clones. Antigens will be either synthetic peptides or proteins expressed in bacteria
from cDNA clones. For this purpose, we will take advantage of the University’s biochemistry
service laboratory for synthesizing peptides and the animal facilities for keeping rabbits. The
antibodies will be used to identify and characterize these proteins in control A431 cells and in
cells treated with calcium ionophore. Many different biochemical properties of these proteins
will be investigated, including phosphorylation, subcellular localization, enzymatic activity,

and interaction with p6o°° To determine the binding regions, we will generate various

deletion mutants in the molecular clones expressed in bacteria and we will study the forma-
tion of complexes in vitro. Available mutants of p6o°*"* should be helpful if we show that
the chicken sre protein can associate with these proteins as the human sre protein does. By
studying these 3 proteins we may eventually be able to reconstruct the initial molecular
events involved in the activation of p60~”'“ in normal cells.

Some complications are anticipated. The studied proteins may not be phosphorylated by
p60 *"* but by other cellular kinases activated by the treatment of A431 cells with calcium
ionophore. Therefore the pathway that we think is specific for sre may be more complicated.
Minute quantities of purified proteins (nanograms) may present difficulties in obtaining pro-
tein sequence data, especially if their amino termini are blocked and further manipulations
are required to generate internal peptides. We are testing now whether overexpression of the
c-sre protein in A431 cells can increase the relative concentration of proteins within the com-
plex.

LITERATURE CITED

1. Bishop, M. (1985) Cell 42:23-38

2. Bishop, M., and Varmus, H. (1982) In RNA Tumor Viruses, ed. R. Weiss, N. Teich, H.
Varmus and J. Coffin, pp.999-1108. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, 2nd edition.

