3
a Sudol, Marius 129-68-8626

9. SUPPORTING DATA, RESEARCH PLAN. Do not attach more than six additional
pages (3a-3f). Please note that this page limit includes FIGURES and REFERENCES,

BACKGROUND

The first identification of transforming genes came from studies of RNA tumor viruses
(1,2}. These viral genes, called oncogenes (v-one), were later shown to be altered versions of
normal cellular genes, called proto-oncogenes (c-one) (1,6). The common feature of all on-
cogenes is their ability to induce transformation of normal cells. In contrast, no common
functional denominator has been found for the proto-oncogenes identified to date, but it is as-
sumed that these genes control aspects of cellular growth and differentiation. Some proto-
oncogenes code for growth factors, growth factor receptors that encode kinases, or GTP-
binding proteins (7). Others code for plasma membrane associated or cytoplasmic kinases,
and proteins localized in the nucleus (29). Our research is focused on those proto-oncogenes
which encode non-receptor type protein-tyrosine kinases. The physiological functions of these
proteins are not known.

Rous sarcoma virus (RSV) was the first virus shown to induce solid tumors in animals
(22), and cell transformation by RSV is one of the most well-studied systems of tumorigenesis
(11). The transforming gene product of RSV, p60”*”, is a 60 kD membrane-associated
phosphoprotein that possesses intrinsic protein-tyrosine kinase activity (2,11,14), The
biochemical properties of its cellular homologue, p60 “sre are similar to those of peo” ** 5 OX-
cept that as a result of mutations, the tyrosine kinase activity of the viral protein is elevated
at least ten-fold in comparison to the cellular enzyme (8).

The transforming properties of Yamaguchi 73 (Y73) and Esh avian sarcoma viruses are
directed by cell-derived yes sequences (24,36). These viruses were independently isolated from
spontaneous tumors in chickens (9,36). Both are replication defective, induce sarcomas in
vivo, and transform chicken embryo fibroblasts (CEF) in vitro (5). The v-yes transforming
gene of Y73 virus also encodes a phosphoprotein with tyrosine-specific kinase activity. The
amino acid sequence of v-yes shows a high degree of homology with peo’*ré (12). The
greatest extent of sequence similarity exists in the carboxy-terminal domains. The c-yes se-
quence differs from its viral homologue by 4 amino acid substitutions and in its carboxy-
terminal peptides (28). Ag in the case of sre, the kinase activity of v-yes protein is elevated
compared to that of p62 4° (26).

Comparison of the pez” ¥e5 and peo" *"¢ sequences to a protein data bank reveals 4
blocks of amino acid sequence similarity to other members of the non-receptor class of
protein-tyrosine kinases (36). These blocks are termed A, B, C, and kinase domain, Two of
these blocks, one of approximately 50 amino acids (block B), and the other of approximately
10 residues (block C), are found in all non-receptor tyrosine kinases and were previously
termed the ”SH2” domain (for src homology 2, SH1 being the kinase domain) (36,39). The
third block of homology, termed A or ”SH3”, is present in all cellular non-receptor tyrosine
kinases except c-fps. Recently other gene products have been shown to contain SH3 and/or
SH2 domains. These include the crk oncogene (34), phospholipases (43), GTPase Activator
Protein (55), and spectrins (32). The presence of strongly conserved SH2 and SH3 motifs in
diverse proteins implicated in signa! transduction suggests an important function for these
domains. We propose an anti-idiotypic approach for isolating the proteins that interact with
the SH3 and SH2 domains of p62°9°* and peo” *"*.

Expression of ps2” ¥e8 is relatively high in the brain, retina, liver, kidney, and lung of
é

birds and mammals. In the brain, elevated levels of p62°%°* are found in cerebellum,
specifically in its Purkinje cells (26,27,29,30). In this proposal, we describe isolation of a pro-

