SPACE and FACILITIES available (state location when elaewhere than indicated in item 2).
Indicate here any facilities needed and not currently available.

Approximately one tenth of a 4,000 square ft. laboratory
is available to our group. Apart from the laboratory benches the space
includes a one-side-open room that serves as an office. The laboratory
has a cold room, warm rooms, tissue culture rooms, a glassware-washing
facility, a dark room with polaroid camera and x-omat film processor.

Some of the more important equipment available in the laboratory
includes: refrigerated centrifuges, spectrophotometers, microscopes
including a model with fluorescence attachment, a DNA thermal cycler,
the basic unit for Fast Protein Liquid Chromatography, tissue culture
incubators, a laminar flow hood, and a vacuum oven. All of the above
items of equipment are located on one floor and are in good working
conditions.

The Laboratory Animal Research Center of the University
is located in a building next to our laboratory. The animals used
in our research are maintained in the Center.

BUDGET JUSTIFICATION - Use this epace to explain specific needs for items listed on p.§ (such as permanent
equipment) if those needs are not self-explanatory.

Self-explanatory

11, List no more than five (5) KEYWORDS descriptive of the project.

Proto-oncogene, Anti-idiotypic antibody, Cellular-yes, Cellular-sre

12. APPENDIX: This group of items should be physically separate from items 1-11 of the Application and should contain:

(a) Biographical sketches of the professional personnel to be associated with the project,

Each sketch should be NO MORE THAN TWO (2) pages. The Principal Investigator should include and

indicate by an asterisk hia or her most significant publications (not more than five or six)—whether or
not they are related to this application.

Copies of the applicant’s publications/manuscripts that are pertinent to the project— not more than a

total of FIVE (5).

Other supporting material (e.g. lettera of collaboration).

Letter from Dr. Sarah Parsons ;
Protocol Review for the Use of Laboratory Animals

