Sudol, Marius 129-68-8626

terminal region) (26). The anti-idiotypic antibody was obtained in rabbits and tested in im-
munoprecipitation assays. It precipitated and recognized on immune blots a 65 kD protein
(Fig. 1 & 2) with the following characteristics: the protein was not active as a kinase, it was
not phosphorylated on tyrosine, it was expressed in the brain and in primary and tertiary
CEFs, and it comigrated with p62 4° in heavy fractions on glycero) gradients (Fig. 5). This
suggests to us that the two proteins form a complex.

Using the anti-idiotypic antibody and a cDNA expression library constructed of mRNA
from the molecular layer of the cerebellum (which contains Purkinje cells), we have isolated
one positive clone whose fusion protein competed away the 65 kD protein in precipitation as-
says. The partial coding sequence of the clone (which we call clone 11) shows no significant
similarity at either the nucleic acid or protein levels to any known sequence in the Gene Bank
(Fig. 4). The new gene encodes a 4.2 kb mRNA and is expressed in various tissues including
the brain, kidney, liver, and spleen (Fig. 3 & 4).

We will characterize the complete cDNA sequence encoding the 65 kD protein. We have

isolated 5 cDNA clones from a chicken brain cDNA library using the clone 11 cDNA as probe.
Their sizes are 2.4, 2.3, 2.3, 1.9, and 1.2 kb. Analysis of these clones at the level of primary
sequence is in progress.
To show direct interaction between peg #5 and the 65 kD protein we will generate anti-
bodies against the 65 kD protein by expressing its cDNA in bacteria. We will select those
fragments of the cDNA which do not encode parts of the protein involved in the apparent in-
teraction with the yes kinase, that is, outside of the sequence contained in clone 11. An ex-
pression vector based on the trp operon will be used to produce large quantities of these an-
tigens in bacteria (35). We will test the interaction of the 65 kD protein with the viral-yes
gene product and with other proto-oncogene and oncogene proteins, including sre, crk, and
fos. Once direct physical interaction is documented and its effect on the kinase activity of yes
protein is shown, we will construct various deletion mutants of c-yes and of the 65 kD protein
in order to map accurately the domains involved in the interaction between these proteins.

Encouraged by the preliminary results with anti-idiotypic antibodies for p62 4°" we are
planning to extend this approach to other domains of yes protein and to the viral and
cellular-sre protein. Using available polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies, we will generate
anti-idiotypic antibodies to other domains of p62" ¥ and to p60’ *"*, specifically to the SH2
domain and to the extreme amino terminal domain involved in the interaction with mem-
brane receptors. Polyclonal antibodies against the SH3 and SH2 domains of human yes (35),
commercially available antibody against the extreme amino terminal domain of sre (Mab 2-17
from NCI), and monoclonal antibody GDi1 against the SH3 domain of sre (20) will be used.

A number of complications are anticipated with the above approach. Antibodies raised
against monoclonal antibodies do not necessarily produce anti-idiotypic reagents (16). The
epitopes recognized by the monoclonal antibodies selected by us do not have to represent
domains involved in protein-protein interactions or could recognize partially denatured epi-
topes. To increase our chances of raising anti-idiotypic antibodies we will also use polyclonal
antibodies, The Fab fragments, which contain antigen-recognition domains, will be isolated
from the affinity purified polyclonal IgGs and used as antigens.

Stringent criteria will be used to eliminate false positives, i.e., proteins precipitated by the
immune serum as a result of raising antibodies to antigens contaminating the IgG or Fab
fragment preparations. These criteria will include: the formation of a complex with the origi-
nal antigen, the recognition of the secondary antigen, the isolation of clones which code for

