BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF FIGURES

Fig. 1. Immunoprecipation of 356 methionine
labeled proteins from chicken embryo fibroblasts
with anti-idiotypic antibody to yes protein
(imm8, imm9) and with pre-immune sera (pre8,
preg). A protein of relative molecular mass 65
kD (arrow) was reproducibly precipitated from
the labeled cells.

Fig. 2. Immune blot analysis of total lysates of
chicken embryo fibroblasts (CEF) with anti-
idiotypic antibody raised against yes protein.
Total lysate of CEF from different passages (to
ensure lack of contamination from  non-
fibroblastic cells) was fractionated on SDS-gel,
lanes 3-5. The first lane shows the immunopre-
cipitate of CEF lysate with preimmune serum
and the second lane with immune serum. The
blot was probed with anti-idiotypic IgG and
iodinated protein A. Positive results in immune
blot analysis encouraged screening of a Purkinje

ero cDNA library with anti-idiotypic
ntibody.

Fig. 3. Northern blot analysis of mRNA for anti-idiotypic clone and for yee gene. Poly (A)+
RNA was isolated from two-week-old chicks and 5 ug of the RNA was fractionated on
agarose gel and transferred to nitrocellulose. T, telencephalon; C, cerebellum; S, spleen; I, in-
testine; M, muscle; H, heart; L, liver; K, kidney. cDNA encoded by anti-idiotypic clone
(upper panel) and chicken yes cDNA (lower panel) were used as probes. Probes were labeled
by random priming using radioactive dCTP.

Fig. 4. Sequence of expression clone isolated from Purkinje cell-enriched library with anti-
idiotypic antibody. The EcoRI-EcoRI insert of 1001 bp encodes an open reading frame that
is in frame with sequence of beta-galactosidase protein of the phage. The coding sequence
shows no significant similarity at either the nucleic acid or protein levels to any known se-
quence in Gene Bank.

Fig. 5. Analysis of 65 kD protein and pea” #64 immunoprecipitated from glycerol gradient
(10-30%) fractions of total lysate of chicken embryo fibroblasts labeled with radioactive leu-
cine. Fractions were divided in half and precipitated with anti-idiotypic antibody (upper
panel) or with anti-yes IgG (lower panel), The c-yes protein was visualized by autophospho-
rylation in immune complex kinase assay. Both proteins comigrated in heavy fractions of the
gradient.
Fig. 6. Three proteins associated with p60°°"* in A431 cells treated with calcium ionophore.
@: control A431 cells precipitated with anti-sre monoclonal antibody. After addition of calci-
m ionophore (B, 10 minutes; C, 30 minutes; D, 1 hr; E, 6 hr) cells were lysed in RIPA buffer
and immune complex kinase assay was performed on src immunoprecipitates. Solid arrows
indicate proteins that are apparently associated with sre kinase and are phosphorylated in vi-
tro and in vivo on tyrosine residues.

