HYS

A Division of Loews Theatres, inc., Research Center, 420 English Street, P-O. Box 21688, Greensboro, North Carolina 27420

November 4, 1981

Mr.. Edward J. Schuller

Manager, Formula Administration
Flavor Department Laboratories
Givaudan Corporation

100 Delawanna Avenue

Clifton, NY 07014

Dear Mr.. Schuller:

You may already be aware that the US Department of Health
and Human Services has requested information from tobacco manu-
facturers relating to the ingredients commonly added to commer-
cially manufactured cigarettes. This request was made as first
step by HHS in compliance with Section 403 of Public Law 95~626
which requires that the Secretary of this Department "shall
conduct, or arrange the conduct of, a study or studies of, (1)
the relative health risks associated with smoking cigarettes of
varying levels of tar, nicotine, and carbon monoxide; and (2) the
health risks associated with smoking cigarettes containing any
substances commonly added to commercially manufactured ciga-
rettes." Various tobacco companies have responded to these
requests giving general information and information not con-
sidered to be proprietary in nature. HHS has responded to these
submissions asking for more detail.

In accordance with the confidentiality agreement between
Lorillard and Givaudan dated August 1979, Section D, Page 5, I am
requesting from Givaudan a letter authorizing Lorillard to
disclose the contents of the flavor ingredient lists supplied by
Givaudan as part of a composite scrambled list of all flavor
ingredients used by Lorillard if a government agency formally
demands such disclosure. In the event that Lorillard is. required
by the government to disclose the flavor ingredients used, we
intend to supply an alphabetical listing of all ingredients thus
making it impossible to determine the composition of any single
compounded flavor represented therein. Furthermore, unless
specifically required to do soa, we do not intend to identify the
sources of these ingredients. Therefore, the supplier's propri-~
etary interests will be even more strictly preserved.

