Warn12-98 18:18 From 42023470505 T1120 P.03/04 | Fe786

WACHTELL, LIPTON, ROSEN & KATZ

appeal. The next day -- Sunday, March 8 ~ the Minnesota Court of Appeals issued irs own
stay of the trial court’s order. On Monday, March 9, the tobacco companies, CTR and Tl
filed with Minnesota Court of Appeals their petition for a writ of prohibition or, in the
aliemative, a writ of mandamus.

The appellate stay of Judge Fitzpatrick’s March 7, 1998 Order delaying the
immediate public release of some 30,000 privileged documents was absolutely essential in
ofder to preserve an opportunity for meaningful appellate review. The stay has ensured
thar the Minnesota appellate courts will have a chance to review the wial coust’s rulings
before she tobacco companies, CTR and Tl suffer irreparable harm from improper
disclosures of attorney-client confidences and wial preparation materials. Absent a stay, the
confidentiality of thousands of such attomey-client communicarions and nial preparation
materials would have been lost already, effectively “mooting” any appeal before could be
heard,

Nor can there he any question that serious appellate rights are at stuke here. The
appellate petition filed by the tobacco companies, CTR and TI in Minnesowa calls into
question the faimess and reliability of virtually every aspect of the privilege proceedings
conducted by the trial court, As set forth in petitioners’ briefs, which are attached hereto
for the Comminee’s convenience:

— The wial court’s March 7 order was not based on a document-by-document
review or analysis of the documents ordered 10 be disclased. To the contrary, the
overwhelming majority of these documents - some 98% -- have never been reviewed by
either the trial court or the Special Master. Beyond this, the mial court and Special Master
conceded that, of the 2% that were reviewed, a number in fact were found to be privileged
but were nonetheless ordered to be produced as a casualty of the indiscriminate category-
by-category privilege review process used in this case.

~ Such wholesale abrogation of the anomey-client privilege and aniorney work
product doctrine ~ hy failing to review the bulk of the documents and using a pr
that guarantees the release of large numbers of genuinely privileged communications —-
violaies Minnesora law. In directing the disclosure of tens of thousands of privileged
documents sight unseen, the wial cout denied defendants the core amorney work product
protection essensial to faimess in our adversarial system. If these documents became
public without a proper document-by-document screening for privilege, the Stae of
Minnesota will be given a road map to defense counsel’s strategies and opinions inthe

is} Ono! le

~ The ial court's March 7 order denies due process under both the United States
and Minnesota Constimuons. The wial coun disregarded petitioners’ due process right
with respect to some 98% of the documents at issue by ordering their release without
reviewing them and without giving petitioners an opportunity 10 be heard. For 3 court to
stip away a long-seled privilege retroactively — parties have relied on its provections
and without any judicial analysis of the privileged communications ~ violates any test or
notion of due process.

~ The ial court erred because it misupplied the crime-fraud exceprion to the
atomey-client privilege. In particular, the court eliminated the long-senled legal

2

