2/25/86 CC: DRS.

DEPARTMENT OF PHARMACOLOGY 9% 24
uy

University of London

ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL

Norfolk Place London W2 1PG
Telephone: 01-723 1252

PROFESSOR OF BIOCHEMICAL PHARMACOLOGY: Robert L. Smith DSe, PhD.
JRI/HES
18 February 1986

Dr D Stone

Council for Tabacco Research ~- U.S.A. Tne.
900 Third Avenue

New York

NY 10022

U.S.A,

Dear Dr Stone

Re: Grant Application # 1955 - Edward Calabrese, Ph.D.

Thank you for sending me the above application and enclosures, I apologise
for the short delay, but it has taken me some time to go through it théroughly.
i have organised my comments into the areas which I think are pertinent to any
grant application. I hope that these will help you reach a decision,

(i) Aims of the project

The applicant seeks to confirm and extend the findings published by us in 1984
that there is a possible inherited and metabolic susceptibility to lung. cancer
in smokers. They do not propose to deviate significantly from our own study

he exception of selection of different types of controls and a
broader data analysis.

(ii) Work which led up to the project
a een ted up to the project

A decade of research effort almost exclusively in our own laboratories has led

to a greater understanding of the genetics of human drug oxidation processes, At
least three independent allelomorphic genes have been described, those regulating
debrisoquine 4-hydroxylation and carbocisteine S-oxidation - the applicant refers
only to the former of these, Over the years, it has been shown that many
oxidative pathways are influenced to a gteater or lesser degree by the gene which
regulates debrisoquine 4-hydroxylation, In addition, there are Many pharmaco-
kinetic, therapeutic and toxicological sequelae of the polymorphism, Our own
biochemical epidemiological studies in lung cancer patients and controls form the
basis of Calabrese’s application. The lack of perception of the relevant litera-
ture to date shown by the applicant in my view detracted considerably from his
case. There are several miscitations of the literature and in addition

Dr Calabrese hag found it necessary to quote directly from our.papers rather than
paraphrasing them. Most importantly, none of the work which has led up to the
proposed project was carried out by Dr Calabrese and his collaborators,

