w Sh “ae hes Lor
/ ‘
2y Meelir
fo :

THe Council For ToBacco RESEARCH—U.S.A., INC.
110 EAST 59TH STREET
NEW YORK, N. Y. 10022

January 6, 1983

WM. D. HOBBS
CHAIRMAN

991443775

To: The Board of Directors

Mr. V. B. Lougee r1t/ Mr. Clifford H. Goldsmith
Janet C. Brown, Esq. Mr. Thomas F. Ahrensfeld
Dr. I. W. Rughes Mr. Edward A. Horrigan, Jr.
Mr. Ernest Pepples Dr. Roy E. Morse

Mr. Curtis H. Judge Mr. Louis F. Bantle

Mr. Arthur J. Stevens Mr. Richard A. Manning

This is to inform you that we plan to have ‘two members of the
Scientific Advisory Board discuss topics of interest at The Annual Meet-
ing of The Council for Tobacco Research on January 28, 1983 in much the
same manner as Drs. Feldman and Boutwell did at the Board of Directors
Meeting in June, 1982.

Dr. Richard J. Bing has been an active member of the Advisory
Board since June, 1958. He is an outstanding cardiologist of interna-
tional renown. He has published extensively in the scientific litera-
ture and is the recipient of innumerable awards among which is the Ameri-
can Heart Association Research Achievement Award.

Dr. Bing is currently Director of Experimental Cardiology and
Scientific Development, Huntington Medical Research Institute, Pasadena,
California and Professor of Medicine (Emeritus), University of Southern
California School of Medicine,Los Angeles, California.

Dr. Michael J. Brennan joined the Advisory Board in March, 1981.
He is a prominent figure in the world of carcinogenesis. He has served in
various capacities of a clinical, educational, and editorial nature. He is
the President and Medical Director of The Michigan Cancer Foundation and is
Professor of Medicine, Wayne State University School of Medicine, Detroit,
Michigan.

Dr. Leon Jacobson, Chaimman of the Scientific Advisory Board, will
also be present, as will Dr. S. C. Sommers, our Scientific Director.

We feel that the opportunity for the members of The Board to get to
know you and you to know them is most valuable all around. At subsequent meet-
ings, we hope to have other members of The Board in attendance.

I look forward to seeing you at the meeting on January 28, 1983.

Sincerely,
J .f

William D. Hobbs

PRODUCED FROM BéW WEB SITE

