February 19, 1980

Brand Management Recommendation

Mr. N. W. Glover

SALEM FF/Lts. Improved Packaging

This recommends the national expansion of SALEM Full Flavor and Lights improved pack/
carton designs currently in test market.

Background

e Full Flavor - Target smokers currently perceive SALEM Full Flavor as a brand smoked
more by middle-aged men and women who hold somewhat more traditional values. This
smoker image is not ideal as target smokers want a brand which is smoked by rela~
tively young (age 35) adult males (and females) with contemporary lifestyles. Kool
Full Flavor is superior on these dimensions. :

With the objective of improving SALEM Full Flavor's image, the brand introduced new
packaging into test market last November. Judgementally, the refinements provide
for a more updated and masculine look to the package as well as help improve shelf
visibility. We believe the new packaging, in conjunction with the new "High Country"
advertising, will achieve the desired smoker image improvements.

e Lights - The revised packaging is believed to provide a more modern/contemporary image
for the brand, consistent with the wants of target smokers. In addition, it maintains
an esthetic consistency between the 85's and 100's styles, as opposed to current
packaging which differs slightly in graphic design for the brand name/style.

The graphic refinements incorporated in the 85's package also provide a slightly more
masculine appearance (than before) to this package. This is of particular importance
given the prime prospect for the 85's style which reflects a more balanced male/female
profile than the female skew that existed in earlier years.

Recommendation ~ National expansion of SALEM Full Flavor and Lights improved packaging.
Shipments to market to begin 5/12 with 80%+ distribution at retail achieved by 7/1.
Purchasing will coordinate the phasing out of the current package materials at a maxi-
mum cost of $10M to total SALEM.

Rationale

SOE 6000S

@ To date, MRD has not received any consumer complaint letters on Full Flavor packaging,
and only two on Lights. Additionally, no sales force complaints on the revised
packaging have been received.

e On judgement, the very slight package modifications present a low risk proposition but
provide for a more modern, contemporary and masculine image for SALEM FF/Lts.

SLS/fd

Attachment

ec: T. L. Ogburn
H. E. Osmon
B. J. Kirby

