MAR 18 '92 34:88 FROM Beil LAW DEPT PAGE. 8a2

March 18, 1992
eS Via Fax 203/696-5172

Ma. Kat B. Schulte

The Amaricen Tobacco Company
6 Stanford Forun

P. O. Box 10380

Stamford, CT 06902

Dear Ms. fohulte:

Further to cur phone conversation of yesterday, please find
atteohea photocopies of the lahels of the LUCKY &STRIXE and PALL
MALL product which are the subjects of the manifests forwarded
to Nr. Kliemann on Merch 16. .

While you cannot tell from the attached labels, the “tax
exempot* clausing required for export product is conteined on
the Closure of these products, It thus appears that this
product was manufactured by your company. When Mr. NcGraw,
Brown & Williamson's General Counsel, and Mr. Klemann apoke on
Nondsy, there was speculation that some company may be holding
themselves out as Amarigan Tobacco, since it could not be

a: ‘gh that your company could be involved in any
trensaction like this.

As you and I discussed, Brown & Williamson was successful in
havivig a preliminary order issued in Cyprus which allowed it to
seine the three containers of product covered by the Limassol
(Cyprus) manifest. We expect to schieve a similar result with
res ‘€O the product in Port Said, Egypt. If any of this

pr + (Limassol and/or Port Said) is released and winds up in
@ market where we own the trademark, Brown & williamson‘s
businass will suffer significent damage. As you msy know,
Brown & Williamson preducts, inoluding LUCKY STRIKE end PALL
MALL, oocupy the largest market share in the Levant area of the
Mediterranean.

We apereciste your and Mr. Klemann's continued cooperation.
Specifically, we have the following requests:

1. Provide Brown & Williemson with all information American
has with regard to transactions with any of the parties
mamed jn the manifests fazed to Mr. Klemann on March 16,
including International Free Traders, Inc. in Florida.

Provide all reasonable assistance that Brown & Williamson
may request in connection with litigation involving this
product, including that in Limassol and Port Said. This
would include the written representation we discussed

5 TOWER. PO, BOR 35000, LORIRVELIR, KY 622.
WES 1908) Me 7287 ARN Woe. eos) nee ret8

2h Dad 22 THO S37 Saetdad We boas Gta 2B. G1 ayy

