RE

. Visit to the medical fair “MEDICA” in Duesseldorf,
lovember 19,

O$ took advantage of the opportunity to visit this fair.
Main interest was to get information about:

a) Analytical instruments for chemical and biochemical investigations;

b) Instruments for respiratory function tests (spirometers, plethys-
mographs) and bronchoscopes. (German catalogues are available on
request)

c) Drugs for curing respiratory diseases, cardiac and circulatory
disorders.

. 4th meeting of the TFA task force "Animal exposure to sidestream smoke"
Tn Hamburg, November 20,

Dr. Roe (pathologist, London) attended this meeting. Further details
of the experiment were discussed. Main points of interest were:

a) This experiment ought to be conducted as a "general toxicology
study" rather than a "lung cancer study" which appeared not
feasible from the scientific and from the political point of view.

The research program for the preliminary study and, partially,
for the main study was outlined,

Former cost estimates were readjusted, Costs will probably amount
- DM 500,000.- for the preliminary study,
- DM 5.1 mio. for the main study.

d) A revised research protocol will be prepared by Dr. Scherer.

- Meeting of the TFA task force “Schievelbein Munich Study" in Hamburg,
December” 2, T98T

Prof. Schievelbein and his co-workers attended this meeting. Results
of the pilot study were discussed. Main points of interest were:

a) Data pbtained jn the pilot study canngt conclusively be interpreted.
b) Next steps will be
~,a final report will be prepared and sent to the participants:

| ‘for review, | :

‘+ Dr. Scherer will prepare two research protocols which shal) des-
cribe two alternative designs for a (potential, still to be
decided upon) main study,

- next meeting will probably be held in February or March, 1982.

- TFA meeting in Hamburg, Decenber 3, 1981

a) Projects on Passive Smoking .
- Animal Experiment: The TFA agreed that the VdC Board should decide
again whether to run the experiment or not (high costs) and ask
the PR Commission for the potentjal PR value of this project.

O0%S TOTOS

