Dr. Cc. 0. Jensen . October 28, 1959

The resulting residue is then dissolved in a minimum

amount of nshexane and transferred quantitatively (by
rinsing with small amounts of n-hexane) to a previously
Prepared silica colum. The column is prepared by pouring

& slurry of 200 mesh deactivated silica gel into an 18-20 mn.
tube with a pyrex wool or cotton plug at the bottom. The
deactivated silica gel is prepared by washing 200 mesh silica
first with absolute methanol and then with n«hexane. The
Quantity of silica gel used for the column should be approxi=
mately 30-40 times the weight of the residue from the last
evaporation.

The silica column after application of the sample is eluted
with n-hexane. The first fraction is collected until
fluorescence is noted in the eluate. Fraction II is collected
until the color of the fluorescence changes from yellow to
blue. The succeeding fractions (III through VII) are cut

at approximately 50 ml. intervals or when a change in the
color of the fluorescence is noted. Fractions VIII through

x are eluted with a solution of benzene in n-hexane (1:4).

Benzo(a)pyrene is in fractions V, VI and VII. These fractions
are evaporated to dryness under a stream of nitrogen, and

each is redissolved in a minimum quantity of benzene. These
Solutions are then applied in the usual manner (by streaking)
to half sheets of acetylated filter paper, making sure by
several rinsings and inspections under U.V. light that the
transfers from the flasks to the paper are quantitative.

A known sample of benzo(a)pyrene is spotted near the edge

of the papers as a reference. ‘The papers are suspended with
the bottom edges in a solution etherewater=methanol (4:1:4)

and allowed to stand overnight. The papers ara then dried

and the portions corresponding to the known benzo(a)pyrene
Spots are cut out. These cutout portions are placed in

small Soxhlet extractors under nitrogen pressure and

extracted with benzene-alecohol (4:1) until no more fluorescence
can be seen on the paper under U.V. light. The benzene extracts
are combined, evaporated to dryness, redissolved and °
rechromatographed on acetylated paper. If a sharp separation &
is still not obtained, it may be necessary to repeat the
paper chromatography a third time; however, one repetition
ef this step is usually sufficient for the analysis of
benzo(a)pyrene. The purity of the benzo(a)pyrene is checked
by U.V. spectroscopy after its extraction from the second

=
i~2]
oa
N
a
Evy

- . a

