PHILIP MORRIS

COMPANIES INC.
120 PARK AVENUE = NEW YORK, NY 10017-5582

Georrrey C, BIBLE
CHAIRMAN AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Ms. Carolyn Taylor January 2000
1122 Bethlehem Church Rd.
Eden, NC 27288-8120

Dear Ms. Taylor:

The Philip Morris family of companies is changing. As we enter the 21% century, we are committedto
communicating more openly about who we are, what we do, and what we stand for. Our brands are probably
familiar to you —- household names like Kraft cheeses, Post cereals, Maxwell House coffee, Jell-O desserts,
Oscar Mayer meats, Altoids mints, Miller beer and Marlboro cigarettes. Our products are in nine out of ten
American homes. And, we are 57,000 people in the U.S. alone — neighbors, parents and citizens with a
40-year commitment to giving back to the communities in which we live and work. Because of the controversy
surrounding our tobacco business for the past several years, however, we know we have seemed out of step

with the public's expectations of us.

We want you to know we are redoubling our efforts to do a better job of listening to the public’s concerns,
working to develop concrete solutions, and communicating openly and accurately about our entire family of
companies, our products and our people. , :

Some of these efforts include:

e Leading efforts to prevent youth smoking and encourage responsibie drinking. For example, we have a
Youth Smoking Prevention department with an annual budget of $100 million to create and support
programs like the “We Card” program, which helps prevent the sale of cigarettes to minors. Our “TI hink
When You Drink’ program aims at preventing underage drinking, drunk driving and alcoho! abuse.

Continuing to build on our 40-year history of helping to meet immediate human needs. From fighting hunger
to supporting victims of domestic violence, from funding arts.and cultural programs to providing disaster
relief and humanitarian aid, we are committed to giving back to the communities where we live and work.

» Finally, opening broader lines of communication with the public. For the last several months, company
representatives have been speaking to such diverse groups as parent/teacher associations, civic groups,
community organizations, hospital associations and press clubs. We have also launched a new advertising
campaign entitled “Working to make a difference. The people of Philip Morris,” \t focuses on our company,
our responsibility as a manufacturer and marketer and our community involvement. And, we kicked off an
informative new website, www.philipmorris.com, that includes a host of information on the products, the

principles and the people of Philip Morris.

| hope you will take a moment to review the enclosed materials and to visit our website. If you are skeptical, |
ask you to take a second look; judge us not just by what we say, but by what we are doing and what we will
do over the coming months and years.

On behalf of the Philip Morris family of companies, | want to thank you for letting us share our philosophy and
for taking a moment to get to know us a {ittle better.

Sincerely,

Kop Bre

Geoffrey C. Bible

