Tut Counci, For Tosacco RESEARCH -U. S. A.

Dr. T. C. Tso
U. S. Department of Agriculture -2.- October 14, 1964

Such studies have, indeed, long been conducted by the U. S. Department
of Agriculture and many state experiment stations. ;

In its own program of research, the Council is mainly
biologically oriented. Its approach, in general, is first to study the
effects of whole, normal cigarette smoke, in as nearly as possible the
condition in which human smokers encounter it, on various biological

systems. Second, when effects are found that may be potentially

related to healt th or disease, the plan is to evaluate such effects in

the tovel physiological economy of the animal and then, finally, to trace
any significant and undesireable effects, if possible, to the specific
ingredients of the smoke that cause them. At this point, when and if

reached, we would have a satisfactory basis and incentive for looking
into the origins of such a component from the constituents of the tobacco
itself during the combustion process.

At present we are stil). engaged almost wholly in studies
within the first two of the three phases stated above.

Although our program has many ramifications, as perusal of our
latest Annual Report (copy enclosed) will show, we can illustrate our
approach further by reference to studies on carcinogenesis.

in this area also, we fecl that it is actually: whole, normal
cigarette smoke in.the form and condition in which it is encountered by
humans, that really needs to be tested for any activity it may conceivably
have as a direct contact carcinogen or cocarcinogen. Studies of
condensates are far less satisfactory since the opportunity for changes — ;
in chemical composition and physical properties that occurs on condensation be
and preservation may be very significant. Where it has seemed necessary - :
to use such condensates as a temporary expedient, we have defined and
controlled the methods of production and preservation: with great ‘care
in order to make these products.at least reproducible.

' A large number of bioassay systems have been devised and

tested, mostly with such condensates, in the hope of producing a quick

and reliable assay method of the kind for which great need was expressed

in Lexington. No system has yet been shown to be wholly satisfactory,

though one or two still look somewhat hopeful. Other possible methods .._

need to be studied and, where promising, ‘compared with and evaluated in. °'.,
relation to those already in use. The Council is vitally interested

in this + type of research. . . a

The experience with such assays as have ‘been studiea does not
support the assumption that polynuclear hydrocarbons in cigarette smoke.
are playing any significant role in human lung cancer genesis or indeed

LLZL S8LoOs :

