Tri CouncIL For To3acco RESEARCH-U.S.A.
SUCCESSOR TO THE
TOBACCO INDUSTRY RESEARCH COMMITTEE
633 TINRD AVENUE
NEW YORK. N. Y. 10017

October 14, 1964

Dr. ®. C. fs0, Plant Physiologist
Tobacco Quality Investigations
Crops Research Division
Agricultural, Research Service

U. S. Department of Agriculture
Beltsville, Maryland, .

Dear Dr. Tso:

We have received your letter of September 30, 1954, concerning .
"Pederal-State health oriented research programs on tobacco". In =~)
particular you raise the question as to what chemical components in .
tobacco "are considered to be potentially health hazardous and should

be studied”. .

I am sure you realize, parvicularly after the Lexington

Kentucky conference, that in the present state of knowledge it is really
. impossible to compile any such list of “potentially hazardous components"

_ of tobacco. The reason, of course, is that the presumed dangers of .
‘cigarette smoking are conjectural in nature, being inferred largely from
statistical relationships by methods that are still under guestion and
challenge by many of our leading statisticians. There is no disease
whose relationship to cigarette smoking as a significant causal or —
contributory factor has been convincingly demonstrated by clinical or
experimental methods. Still less has any contributory mechanism been
traced out in detail or shown to. be due,to any specific ingredient of
cigerctte smoke. wT

This certainly does not mean that it is impossible to do useful
analytical work by way of stock-piling knowledge that may eventually
become important. It must, however, be realized, as someone pointed out
in Lexington, thet such studies can only be based upon "Limited working
hypotheses” or “speculative presumptions" that may prove to have no
foundation. As.was said*there “opportunities to waste time on futile
leads are enormous", Fortunately the by-products of scientific work so”
often become more important then the original goals that good scientific —-
effort is not likely to be wasted in the long run. On this clearly a
Gefincd basis we would approve competent efforts to accumulate new
knowledge of the components of the tobacco plant as affected by strain _
difference, soil components, weather conditions, genetic factors,
fertilizers, insecticides, plant diseases, curing methods, ageing etc.

