Tux Councit For ToBpacco RESEARGH -U.S. A.

Dr. 7. C. Tso
U. S. Department of Agriculture -3- October 1h, 1964

that such smoke really functions in humans as a direct chemical
carcinogen. Hence we have not felt that major efforts to reduce
further the infinitésimal levels of polynuclear hydrocarbons in smoke

. were likely to be productive of any real benefits. If others, however,

wish to try removing, diminishing or neutralizing the possible effects
of such substances on the basis of what they believe to be justifiable |
assumptions, and provided that any modifications proposed can be showm
clearly to produce no other change potentially deleterious to health,

we covld not Gisapprove. At present the limitations of our bioassay
methods make such assurance difficwlt. We could give other illustrations
in addition to this discussion of possible carcinogenicity, such, for,
example as ciliostasis, but the general perspective is much the same.

You will be able to apply the general statements that we have

made, to the specific cases of the components suggested in your list as

canéidates for analytical study in tobacco leaf samples. We would
applaud the acquisition of information on all these ingredients as
additions to the stock-pile of knowledge that should eventually be |

useful in one manner or another. But there is no possible assurance
at present that any of these will ever turn out to be significantly
related to health problems.

In the special case of additives to cigarette tobacco, we

. have felt that these were quite unlikely to bear any relation to the

health picture. The reason for this feeling is that no such additives
are used in Britain where the incidence of diseases held to be

related statistically to cigarette smoking is, nevertheless, much
higher than in the United States. .

Tne Council will be glad to be kept in touch with the e program.
of the U. S. Department of Agriculture and the National Cancer Institute

_ by correspondence and by personal contact. In‘turn we shall be glad to -

furnish those agencies with any desired data or information from our own
program either now or in the future. on

Sincerely,

Co tte

Dr. Clarence Cook Little...
The Scientific Director =.

CCL: gfb

Enclosure

ce: Dr. B. T. Shaw - U. S. Department of Agriculture .

