Brand Management Perspective °
May 12, 1980

I, a
LY SWAMage

SUBJECT: SALEM WC PROTOTYPE. SCREENING TEST

Long Mr. D. W. Grout
Tompson Mr. N. W. Glover
Whitaker Mr. J. B. Stuart
Laurene

The attached MRD report addresses results of the SALEM HC Prototype Screening
Test fielded on 2/4. Six 85mm and two 100mm prototypes were tested versus
defined competition, with product performance reported relative to current
action standards and on individual attribute ratings. This preliminary round
of testing was conducted to identify candidates for inclusion in the more ex~
tenaive M.AR.C. testing, which ie currently underway. A final product deci~
sion will be made in May for both 85's and 100's based on the M.A.R.C. results.

Summary of, Key Findings

e One of six 85um prototypes (Prototype "G"') met the designated action stan-
dards. Excluding "G", the prototypes were gencrally perceived to have an
excess of menthol relative to competition, and to be harder to draw.

Prototype "G" was rated superior (action standard of parity) to Triumph
overall end among both tested sub-groups. Primary attribute advantages
were strength of taste, menthol level, coolness, draw and not leaving a
bad aftertaste. Prototype "G" was a 4 mg., single-stage filter product.

Neither 100's prototype achieved action standards. Prototype "BN (5S mg),
dual-stage) achieved the standard of superiority versus Carlton overall and
among SALEM LIGHTS snokers, but was rated at parity among defined competi-
tive smokers. In contrast to the 85's products, both 100's prototypes were
generally perceived as not having enough menthol relative to tobacco taste.

etelettnrennitio i

Subsequent Action.

Although action standards were met, the filter of the 85's "G" prototype was
modified (menthol flavoring added) prior to its inclusion with three other 85's
prototypes for M.A.R.C. Testing. This action was taken by. Tobacco Dévelopment
based on internal panel tests which showed the modified "G" prototype to be
preferred to the original versions — , 7 . an

6ESO ZEROS

