O INSTITUTE

.. 1875 bSTREET, NORTHWEST =>... WILLIAM D. TOOHEY, JR.
“,. WASHINGTON, DC 20006
202/457-4800 » 800/424-9876

April 7, 1980

Mr. Max Frankel °° gto ogy,
‘Editor of Editorial Page.
New York Times © es,
229 West 43rd Street =” =
New York, New York 10036.

‘Dear Mr. Franke

Unfortunately, your March 27 news report on a study by .
California researchers who claim to have found that environ-
mental tobacco smoke is harmful to the health of nonsmokers,’
overlooked the caveats raised by Dr. Claude Lenfant of the
National Institutes of Health, whose editorial -- which your
story otherwise quoted extensively -- accompanied the study
in the New England Journal of Medicine. The same was true _
~-of your April 2 editorial, "Thy Neighbor's Lungs." | -

Dr. Lenfant wrote: ‘Generally speaking, the evidence that |
passive smoking in a general environment has health effects
remains sparse, incomplete and sometimes unconvineing.'' He ».
went on to point out that "there is no proof as yet that the
reported reduction in airways function has any. physiological |
- or clinical consequences. The study is confined to only one |

aspect of an issue too complex to be resolved on such a. -*
limited basis." (Syne eStg Mh a a Bet Ob eed
-..The conclusions reached by Drs. White and Froeb also are at odds —
with the latest judgment of the U. S. Surgeon General. His 1979.
Report on Smoking and Health, which addressed this issue, found
“Healthy nonsmokers exposed to cigarette smoke have little or no
physiologic response to the smoke, and what response does occur 4
“may be due to psychological factors." 9. ey oe eke yee
Clearly, the California study, which will now be subject to
objective and critical review within the scientific community,
should not be considered the "final word:" For the Times to
advocate public policy which would dictate. social behavior and
discriminate against over a third of the adult population on the _.
basis of this study, seems highly premature and totally out-of- #
character. | . rc So ee

Sincerely,

