a

COVINGTON & BURLING

Mr. Louis Beck
September 21, 1967
Page Two.

As I told you in our further conversation last
Monday, I have repeatedly urged that these necessary
steps be carried forward as promptly as possible, and
since nine companies are concerned, these would take
about ten days or two weeks. I am confident that these
seientists are moving as fast as possible. Indeed,
following my proposal letter of August 1st, a group of
them immediately visited the Hazelton Laboratories in
Falls Chureh on August 4th to get that organization
acquainted with the proposed job of fully and promptly
evaluating "Chemosol." Since I am not a scientist,
and coulda contribute nothing to the protocol, I have
not been in those meetings and technical discussions.
Following each of our.telephone calis, I have faith-
fully endeavored to communicate to the scientists what
you have told me.

In the meantime, I have been asked by rep-
resentatives of the interested companies which autho-
rized the letter proposal of August ist, 1967, whether
it had been accepted by you. In reporting to them, I
forwarded copies of your letter of August 10th, 1967,
and I had to state that your reply did not constitute
an acceptance of the proposed testing program. To
give you the complete picture, I am enclosing a copy
of my written report of September 8th which I wrote
that day when I returned from Cape Cod.

Just as soon as the protocol is received, I
will send it to you, and be available for further
discussions, I know that you appreciate that I am
presently limited to the proposal letter of August 1,
1967, which I was authorized to give you. You have
not formally agreed as yet to that proposal and of
course have remained free to deal with anyone on any
other basis, and to offer any other testing proposal.
Once again, any proposal which you develop with Dr.
Hudson will have to be considered by the research
scientists of the companies since I am neither com~

petent nor authorized to deal with a testing protocol.

