During each run the tobacco was fed continuously through the dryer
where it was contacted by live steam and axmonia. Anhydrous amoonia was
introduced into the fourth section of the dryer during the 60-minute runs
and into the third section during all ether runs. The vapors of steam,
ammonia, nicotine, etc. from the drying sections were exhausted by a fan
at the entering end of the dryer in order to produce countercurrent flow of
vapor with respect to tobacco movement in the drying sections. The steam
introduced into the ordering section for the purpose of deammoniation had to
flow co-current with the tobacco as the only exhaust vent for vapor was at
the discharge end of the apron. The temperatures in the drying section of
the machine were controlled by ateam coils, but those in the reordering
section were controlled by the quantity of high preasure steam introduced
there.

All of the treated tobacco had a slightly toasted aroma. The DNL and
DNN products which received the shorter treatments showed little, if any,
color change, but the DNH producte which received one-hour treatments vere
appreciably darker than the feed.

The last portion of the K10X DNH products were blended with about 13-14
percent of their weight of DNC control material as they left the reordering
section of the machine. These portions were lebeled KIOX (Ky.) DNHI er
K10OX (CE.T.) DNHI to indicate inoculation. Bacteria count on K10X (Ky.) DNH,
DNHI and DNL showed that the bacteria were alaost completely eliminated by
the longest Creatment and vere nearly eliminated by the leas severe treatwent.

The percent nicotine removed and unaccounted for weight losses occurring
during the denicotiniszing operation are included in the Summary Table which
follows.

3. Reordering and Storing the Denicotinized Green Burley Tobacco

The denicotinized tobacco was weighed and sampled for moisture content.
It vas then reordered and sempled again ae it was being packed into hogs-
heads. The bogsheads were sent to Shed No. 154 for storage along with the
DNC controls.

