The dryer was operated with a single exhaust fan pulling the steam,
ammonia and nicotine vapors out ef the firat section of the dryer to
establish a flow of vapor countercurrent to the passage of the tobacco.

Live low pressure steam at 9-10 psig was introduced into Sections 2, 3 and

4 through a single perforated pipe in each section, and live high pressure
steam at 25-30 peig was introduced through a similar pipe to Section 5.
Ammonia at a 100-110 pounds per hour rate was fed into either Sections 3

or 4 depending on the degree of denicotinization desired. The steam and
ammonis as well es a lerge amount of air leakage was passed through the
tobaceo by the recirculating fans in the dryer. The temperature in the
dryer was controlled automatically by steam coils. live high pressure steam
at 15-18 peig wes introduced through all the nozzles and perforated pipe in
the reordering sections to remove excess ammonia from the denicotinized
tobacco. This steam was passed through the tobacco bed by circulating fans,
but net flow was parallel to that of the tobacco since the only exhaust duct
on the reorderer was at the discharge end of the apron.

The K10X (Ky.) and K1OX (E.T.) strip lete were divided into two and
three portions, respectively, for different degrees of denicotinization;
but the KTH strip lote were not subdivided as they were given only the
waximum treatment. The degree of treatment was controlled by the contact
time in the dryer which was established by the apren speed. The shortest

contact time for passage through the dryer was 15 minutes for K10X (E.T.)
DNL product. The next shortest was 25 minutes for K10X (Ky.) DNL and K10X
(E.T.) DNM. The longest contact time was 60 minutes for all four grades
with a DNH suffix. The proportion of time of exposure to high smmonia con-
centration compared to totel time was aleo greater in the 60-minute runs as
ammonia was added to the fourth rather than third dryer section for these
runs.

All of the treated tobacco had a toasted aroma but only the material
from the 60-minute runs showed a very noticeable darkening in color. The
quantitative date on the runs are tabulated on the next page.

The unaccounted for weight losses as shown in the table are very
erratic and probably not too significant considering the short runs and
possibilities for scrap loss.

The last portions of the two KI1OX DNH products were each blended with
200 pounds of the corresponding DNC material as they left the dryer. This
vas to serve as a bacteria and mold inoculant. The two materials treated
this way were labeled K10X (Ky.) DNHI and KiOX (E.T.) DNHI. A microflora
examination of all of the K10X (Ky.) products was made and compared to that
of the K10X (Ky.) DNC control. This showed that both bacteria and mold
were almost completely eliminated by the longest treatment and the bacteria
was about 90 percent eliminated by the 25-minute treatment. The inoculation
appeared to have an additive effect as bacteria count was in proportion to
the DNC material added.

2

shoo 09005

