‘ rr i
MARKETING RESEARCH REPORT #80-2251

> n nim
Brand Management Perspective « ; PEE i

May 12, 1980 - |
ae ZO0 By wridldno |

SUBJECT: SALEM HC PROTOTYPE SCREENING TEST

Dr. A. Laurene

TO: Mr. G. Long : RQ? Mr. D. W. Grout
Mr. C. Tompson . Mr. N. W. Glover
Mr. G. B. Whitaker L Cigndeattuarce

The attached MRD report addresses results of the SALEM HC Prototype Screening
Test fielded on 2/4. Six 85mm and two 100mm prototypes were tested versus
defined competition, with product performance reported relative to current
action standards and on individual attribute ratings. This preliminary round
of testing was conducted to identify candidates for inclusion in the more ex-
tensive M.A.R.C. testing, which is currently underway. A final product deci-
sion will be made in May for both 85's and 100's based on the M.A.R.C. results.

Summary of Key Findings

e One of six 85mm prototypes (Prototype "G") met the designated action stan-
dards. Excluding "G", the prototypes were generally perceived to have an
excess of menthol relative to competition, and to be harder to draw.

Prototype "G" was rated superior (action standard of parity) to Triumph
overall and among both tested sub-groups. Filmery aiisibuie advaniages
were strength of taste, menthol level, coolness, draw and not leaving a
bad aftertaste. Prototype "G" was a 4 mg., single-stage filter product.

Neither 100's prototype achieved action standards. Prototype "B" (5 mg.,

dual-stage) achieved the standard of superiority versus Carlton overall and
among SALEM LIGHTS smokers, but was rated at parity among defined competi-
tive smokers. In contrast to the 85's products, both 100's prototypes were
generally perceived as not having enough menthol relative to tobacco taste.

Subsequent Action

Although action standards were met, the filter of the 85's "G" prototype was
modified (menthol flavoring added) prior to its inclusion with three other 85's
prototypes for M.A.R.C. Testing. This action was taken by Tobacto Development ~
based on internal panel tests which showed the modified "G" prototype to be
preferred to the original version.

-gz0e tEtOS

