Ptaynet

MEMORANDUM May 12, 1969

Charcoal
Status

Charcoal samples 323002 - 323007 inclusive have been evaluated for physical,
chemical and smoking properties. The six samples represent a study of the
following variables: 1) DUX-3 blend vs. LN-1 blend, 2) dextrose vs. propylene
glycol as a carbon additive, and 3) Golic vs. propylene glycol-Golic as a flavor
carrier.

The cigarette design is not yet optimised. The DUX-3 samples are low in flavor.
Mouth drying is noticed after smoking pack quantities of all samples.

There are no significant differences in tar, 15-16 mg, nicotine 1.0-1.1 mg, or
gas phase deliveries, between any of the cigarettes tested, All cigarettes
deliver much less HCN, acetaldehyde and acrolein than any competitive cigarette.

A 5 mm carbon bed, instead of the 8 mm presently used, would yield a cigarette
comparable in gas phase delivery to Tempo, the lowest brand on the market.

Smoke panel results indicate that the LN-1 blend imparts more Flavor through
the charcoal filters than the DUX-3 blend. The smoke panel cannot differentiate
between the carbon additives or the flavor carriers. Attribute ratings for
323007 are found to be similar to Lark. Cigarettes are only one month old at
this time, .

Further aging may change their smoking qualities.

Improvements.

“The flavor level on the DUX-3 blend has been increased, on Haunibaby samples,
by using DOVER LONG casing, and a fortified version of the 944 flavor.

Hand-injection indicates mouth dryness may be helped by substitution of sodium
benzoate for sodium citrate in #77 casing. Haunibaby samples are being prepared.

Haunibaby samples made with triple-line perforated paper instead of 556 are
promising. This modification would reduce tar, carbon monoxide, and nitrogen
oxides, and further reduce other gas phase deliveries.

Alternates

Initial tests indicate that Filtrona rods containing wheat flour and carbon bonded
with polyethylene, have similar efficiencies and smoking properties to the present
carbon granules. These could be used as an 8 mu T section on a dual 25 mm filter,
4£ the dual filter assenbler is converted, It can be done quickly.

Recommendations

Repeat 323007, the best of the present series, to serve as a standard for
subsequent improvements.

Assemble cigarettes with triple-line perforated paper. 620840092
Modify casing and flavor on DUX-3 to increase flavor level.

Use sodium benzoate in casing, (provided Haunibaby results satisfactory).

