flavor spraying and making. This increased bulking time may have affected the

28% WIS stems in the blends in some manner. The general appearance of the
cigarettes was poor with a number of loose ends being encountered. Carbon granules
are present between the inner and outer wraps of the filters. Manufacturing assure
us that this problem can be overcome.

II Analytical Smoking Data

The reported deliveries were obtained by constant vacuum smoking of the cigarettes
to 33 mm butt lengths. Cigarettes were randomly selected for smoking. Efficiencies
were calculated after smoking individual tobacco sections (51 mm smoked).

Smoke Deliveries
03 04

No. Puffs.

Tar (mgs)

Nicotine (mgs)
Phenol (ygs)

Total HCN (yugs)
NO, (us)
Acétaldehyde (pugs)
Acrolein (gs)

Tar

Nicotine
Phenol

HCN
Acetaldehyde
Acrolein

‘Philip Morris smoking was obtained on both weight selected and random selected cigar-
ettes. Very little difference was noted in the results. Compared to constant
vacuum smoking, the tars were generally 0.5 mg lower, and nicotine deliveries
essentially the same, for the cigarettes by the Philip Morris procedure. These
results show no significant differences in gas phase filtration between dextrose

and propylene glycol as filter additives. Further, the deliveries from the charcoal
cigarettes for all components measured, are similar for the DUX-3 and LN-1 blends.

The nicotine efficiencies for the filters attached to the LN-1 blend are significantly
lower, however, than for those attached to DUX-3. The reasons for this are at present
uncertain, but may be clarified when TPM pH data becomes available.

Smoke Quality

Now that the cigarettes have been aged for one month, rigorous panel testing can
start. The results of some earlier screening tests, which are attached, indicate
that LN-1 imparts more flavor through charcoal filters than DUX-3. Attribute
ratings for 323007 are similar to Lark, with which it apparently compares quite
favorably.

Further Work 620840087

Modifications to #77 casing are being continued on the laboratory scale since we

