Mr.

Sprinkle 11/8/90

Monadic Tests (Table 2)

Results in Table 2 are monadic evaluations of various smoke characteristics.
Results have been paired for ease of comparison.

The overall results indicated the two products had equivalent smoke charac-
teristics. Younger smokers rated the Test model higher on draw, dryness,
taste, harshness, bitterness, satisfaction and attitude. Women (74% of
panel) and older smokers considered the two preducts to have equivalent.
smoke attributes.

Men tended to favor the Test model and rated it higher on most characteris~
tics; however, the number of men on the panel are so few that their indica-
tions are not reliable,

Comparison with SIR 90-15 Panel

The SIR 90-15 panel was conducted during July/August 1990 to evaluate the
effect on smoke appeal of using laser-perforated in lieu of pre-perforated
tipping on MALIBU Ultra Lights 100's. Results of that Study showed that
Merit 100's and Vantage Ultra Lights 100's smokers considered the laser-
perforated model to have smoke appeal equivalent to or slightly better than
the product with pre-perforated tipping, However, Winston Ultra Lights
100's smokers indicated a statistically significant preference for

the pre-perforated model. The preference was due towomen smokers.

The current study was conducted to determine if the Winston women's origi-
nal evaluation was valid or if it was an anomaly. Results of the study
with a new group of Winston Ultra Lights 100's smokers indicated both men
and women considered the products with pre-perforated and laser-perforated
tipping to have equivalent smoke appeal and smoke characteristics. This
Suggests that the original preference was Probably an anomaly.

CONCLUSIONS

Results of this study indicated:

1.

wt

Winston Ultra Lights 1060's men and women smokers considered MALIBU Ultra
Lights 100's with pre-perforated and with laser-perforated tipping to have
equivalent smoke appeal and smoke characteristics.

The standoff on smoke appeal suggests that the original evaluation by Winston
Ultra Lights 100's women smokers (SIR 90-15) was probably an anomaly.

Attachments

cc:

RDC, JFA, JGB

