@ SGT Ar 625 190)
Memorandum

Mr. R. S. Sprinkle, III Dae 11/8/90
rom J. G. Brooks and D. K. Shipley

Consumer Evaluation Test SIR 90-21:
MALIBU Ultra Lights 100's: Laser-Perforated Versus Pre-perforated

A study was conducted by Southeastern Institute of Research during October 1990
to further evaluate the effect of laser-perforated tipping on the smoke appeal of
MALIBU Ultra Lights 100's Cigarettes. A previous panel (SIR 90-15 report dated
9/17/90) had indicated that Winston Ultra Lights 100's women smokers considered
the Control model with pre-perforated to have significantly more appeal than the
one with laser-perforated tipping. Merit 100's and Vantage Ultra Lights 100's
smokers had considered the products to have equivalent appeal. The current panel
was a blind two-product comparison conducted among a new group of Winston Ultra
Lights 100's smokers to determine if the original evaluation was valid or an
anomaly.

Results of the new study indicated that both men and women smokers of Winston
Ultra Lights 100's cigarettes considered MALIBU Ultra Lights 100's with laser-
perforated or pre-perforated tipping to have equivalent smoke appeal and smoke
characteristics. These results suggest that the original preference for the
product with pre-perforated tipping was probably an anomaly.

TEST METHODOLOGY

A. Test Cigarettes

MALIBU Ultra Lights 100's test cigarettes were manufactured at Reidsville
Branch to the products' specifications. Tipping was the only difference
between the products. The Test cigarette had on-line laser-perforated tipping
and the Control had pre-perforated tipping. Both models were packaged in
white ASTP labels and closures. The products were the same as those in the
SIR 90-15 report dated 9/17/90.

Test Method

The study was a blind two-product comparison conducted among Winston Ultra
Lights 100's smokers.

Panelists were recruited from Baltimore, MD; Cedar Rapids, IA; Cincinnati, OH;
Atlanta, GA; Buffalo, NY; Little Rock, AR; Knoxville, TN; Milwaukee, WI; San
Francisco, CA; St. Louis, MO; Erie, PA, Philadelphia, PA; Chicago, IL; Evans-
ville, IN; and Birmingham, AL.

